welcome to the men of recaps today it's
something totally different than my
usual fantastic recaps of television and
movies today I'm playing through the
original gen 1 pokemon blue why well
detective Pikachu is coming out this
weekend and there's nothing really to
recap for that in terms of TV or movies
but it did get me in the mood to play
original Gen 1 Pokemon because I loved
it
blue not red I always play blue my
brother played red
that's why anyway before you start a new
game make sure you set your tech speed
too fast so that Professor Oak's little
little speech here goes a lot a lot
quicker I'm not trying to do a speed run
that's a real difficult thing to do it's
pretty cool the way they do it but I'm
not any good at that what I'm doing call
my best strategy run because I'm pretty
good at this game played it a lot my
name man of recaps doesn't fit but my
alter ego and Archon emesis recap man
does I was thought about starting that
YouTube channel too and just uploading
my exact same recaps and just sort of
having two competing identical channels
see which one takes off better but my
rival I named him something every time I
named him bum fart that's I think the
best rival name let me know and chat
with you guys always name your rival
everyone sort of got to go to some
variation of bum farts or butt face or
something more profane if you're into
that let me know I'm interested to hear
in any case our adventure awaits here we
go
so yes a best optimal strategy run and
it all starts with mr. squirtle here
squirtle is unfortunately the only
viable option to take I'll explain why
in a second but first we need to give
this guy name bubbles because that's
what he's mostly gonna be doing is using
bubble on Brock now uh Bulbasaur is one
of my favorite pokemons I was just to
take him
but first its rival fight now you guys
remember this battle because it's very
slow and annoying to try to tailwhip if
you want but it's actually a bad idea
because he'll just growl
you a good thing is is that you're
relatively likely to get a critical hit
at some point and that will speed things
up greatly critical hits ignore all the
stat changing things like tell up and
growl
there we go defeated mr. bum fart and
we're moving right along smell you later
that's what I'm gonna start using as my
my sign-off on YouTube and in life I'll
just be like well smell you later
anyway let me talk now about okay it's a
wild Pokemon first of all you're gonna
notice that I run from every single wild
encounter because you know I used to
back in the day just fight all these you
know when I was a kid I like to try to
get to level 10 before I even get my
pokedex I thought I was okay guy I
thought I was real cool but it turns out
that's useless and it's a waste of time
so um the reason we had to take squirtle
is because of bubble he learns it at
level 8 which is very nice and then he
can easily destroy Brock Bulbasaur also
strong against rock pokémon but he
doesn't learn vine whip until a higher
level I think 12 and it's kind of
annoying to get to level 12 it's hard to
to beat the bug you know to level up on
the bugs in the forest because vine whip
is weak against poison at least so
cocoon azar are rough when they use
harden you can't tackle em to death
because well I mean eventually but it's
super slow and you can't vine whip them
to death because they're strong against
it so yeah so Bulbasaur is not a
reasonable option I will fast-forward
through here as we get my pokedex and
we're off okay fast-forward again as we
get back to town and we made it I'm
going to stop by the marked here they
don't sell a potions yet but they do
sell antidotes and I want like five of
those because you're likely to get
poison in both forest now you can go to
the left here up yeah up there you can
have a rival fight but he's much
stronger than my level six bubbles right
now cuz he did in fact
wild Pokemon and I used to go in here
and try to catch a sparrow cuz uh
he knows peck which is type flying super
effective against the bugs
unlike Pidgey who knows gust which is
for some reason type normal even though
it sounds obviously like the flying-type
move anyway it makes Pidgey useless but
also sparrows for the useless because of
the kikuna hardening peck is a as an
attack type move so it actually won't
kill cocoon --is that effectively it's
better off to just bubble them plus I
want the experience for my squirtle so
you can you know you can be Brock so
onto the forest here we go uh I'm going
straight off straight through they don't
need any of the stuff over there there's
like one pokeball here's my first battle
he has ready for it exciting times but
that sure wants to fight now basically
what I'm gonna do is tailwhip these guys
once and then just tackle them so we can
fast-forward through that there it is
bubbles learned bubble he's fulfilled
his destiny as the bubbler um so I can
probably fast-forward through the rest
of Rhydian forest here basically I just
you know use bubble on bugs and we're
out of the forest now you catch Pikachu
here if they're pretty rare but you can
get them I used to sometimes I try get a
Pikachu because he's good at some of the
piggies you fight early theoretically
but first of all you have to stick them
in front of you during the Brock fights
so you can get enough experience and
even then the piggies do quite a bit of
damage at this level Pikachu
doesn't have a lot of health or defense
so they'll they'll kill him more often
than not even though he's super
effective against flying so it's I feel
like it's not really worth it
alright so in pewter City only thing we
have to do here is swing by the marked I
want to grab an extra potion or two for
Brock potentially you know I think I've
got a couple but you just never know and
now it's time for our first gym battle
I'm gonna do a save for safety you'll
see it's all racing an older file I
actually played through this all the way
to misty before I realized I am
got to hit record oh that was a nice
waste of my life anyway here we go just
checking my guy bubbles is ready to go
he knows bubble now this guy rocks first
trainer mister like Buzz Lightyear here
light-years from facing Brock he's
actually difficult because he doesn't
use rock Pokemon he's got to ground
Pokemon he's kind of cheating the gym
theme and that means that bubble is only
one level of super effective against him
the rocks are type Rock and ground so
it's bubble is doubly super effective
but you'll see how much damage it does
is just that much and diglettz scratch
actually you know it actually hurts a
bit so by the end of this Diglett fight
I'm gonna be down in orange HP and then
he's got a Sandshrew coming up which
will do the exact same thing so I'll
probably have to use a potion luckily it
didn't go that way this time and I
didn't even need a potion and I beat
this guy no problem suck it missed like
year light years doesn't matter measure
time it measures distance yeah in that
case you are wrong because Brock is
about 10 feet away so you're an idiot
take that I know why I'm taunting these
poor digital kids all right now time for
a Brock battle Brock is um well here's
the thing if there are any artists out
there I would love a rendition of this
maybe a renaissance style oil painting
I'm picturing this the giant onyx facing
off against my derpy little derpy little
squirtle who is just bubbling it you
know just just basically foaming at the
mouth drooling on this guy and totally
totally wrecking him onyx is is writhing
in pain as he's being bubbled because
these rocks just don't even stand a
chance against me alright here it is
here's the rock here's the onyx let's
see what its gonna do yep use bide now
this is a prime example of why bide is
totally useless move oh wow man if he
unleashed energy that could actually
that could actually kill me but he's not
going to
even if he got to go first you always
wait at least at least one turn of event
extra energy so yeah I'd to be pray
first Jim defeated first bad received we
are well on our way here to pokemon
league domination he's gonna give me
bide and like I said it's useless so I'm
going to immediately sell it just
swinging by the pokey Center healing up
real quick oh my god i double talked to
her
that's what I get for pounding Eames
it'll be okay how many times have you
guys done that we've all done that a
million times by the way if you hear my
bird in the background sorry you know
he's chirping I have a bird yep there he
is stopping by the Mart real quick we
want some actual pokeballs for the first
time because I will actually catch some
pokemons in mouth moving I'll just take
five that should cover me even even if
things go south I'll take six I just you
know I just had a vision of running out
of pokeballs and a couple more potions
because it's a long cave and a long ooh
$1 exactly look at that that one dollar
in my pocket we're good to go
now these trainers can actually be
pretty tough because we're all still low
level and we do only have the tilt one
Pokemon so there's not a lot of safety
net here but I am confident what I'm
gonna do is skip this girl by walking on
the top here she is really annoying
she's got a couple of piggies and
piggies are like I said they're pretty
strong at this point and they know Santa
tack so I can end up in a pretty bad
situation so screw her I don't need the
damage what I'm gonna do is fight this
bug catcher and basically bubble into
death how many in I just I left five now
it's a very good trainer our favorite
little mr. shorts guy I like shorts
they're comfy and easy to wear I agree
shorts guy I agree
he's actually a tough fight so I'll show
it real quick he's got a ratata
ricotta's do a surprising amount of
damage you know at this point in the
game look at this tackle Oh what is that
six damage and I don't have I don't have
that many much health in general
especially he tail whips me it's kind of
nice because he's not doing me damage
that turn but if you tackle it be quick
attacks me here or something he could
actually hurt quite a bit but luckily
he'll probably just tail with himself to
death yeah there he goes his next
Pokemon though is an even bigger
annoyance less of a less of a dying
danger luckily I learned water gun level
15 that's the way I like it but Ekans
knows rap and we'll see if he wraps me
here he's got a pretty good chance of
just using leer or poison sting but if
he does wrap me you remember in Gen 1 it
totally mobilizes you for the the moves
so it just wastes a whole lot of time I
don't want to fight that girl but I do
want to fight this guy cuz I have to
fight I have to fight him no matter what
luckily he's just a bug trainer so I'm
going to just water down these guys a
little bit
boom-boom-boom water gun nice and strong
now we're cooking with gas as they say
oh well I skipped the evolution that's
what I get for holding down the speed
button the turbo button but there it is
Wartortle yeah nice it's not that
exciting you guys didn't miss much and
this last guy is also mandatory so we'll
fast forward through him this girl has a
Jigglypuff and I do not want to fight it
because it has these got pretty good
defense and special defense and it would
probably put me to sleep and it's just
you know really annoying I'm in no
danger of dying Durer but it would be
sad and now we head into mount moon
Mountain loons great I'm not going to
the left cuz I can get water gun TM but
I don't need that my squirtle knows it's
skipping her cause she's got a Clefairy
who is just as annoying as Jigglypuff
fast forwarding through some stuff
skipping this section because there's
nothing good down there and I don't want
to fight rockets they're super annoying
I will fight this guy though because he
is guarding a rare candy boom right
candy all right now fast-forward through
some of mount moon oh hello actually I
ran into a level-10 Jude those are very
rare on the top floor but he's exactly
what I want so it's time to catch a
Pokemon you guys ready do did annoy
anyone to catch because I can't use a
water move on em he'll just die but
tackle just doesn't hurt him very much
so I tail up a few times and now let's
let's see if I can do some damage to you
you know at this level you actually
don't need to hurt Pokemon that much
later in the game catching him you know
you need to get them all the way down to
red but I feel pretty good about just
throwing one Adam thrown one Adam right
now where's my buggy balls it's time for
Geodude this guy gonna carry us through
a bunch of the game and I will give him
a nickname you could call him rocky for
Rocky Balboa and I'm gonna play on that
go with the actor and name our Geodude
Stallone so - Pokemon now bubbles in
Stallone normally I would I wouldn't
catch him till later because he's like I
said he's much more common on the lower
levels this girl you need to make sure
you ignore she has she has plants and
right now yeah we're no good again
against plant Pokemon she was like maybe
actually kill us so moving right along
down this ladder is the most important
thing will pick up all game I'm not
gonna say the best move because it's
actually kind of awful anyway this is
Tia Mohan mr. mega punch and mega punch
is very nice because it's actually a
strong move it's very bad because it's a
cure
see is pretty low unfortunately but
still pretty good we're gonna teach mega
punch to mr. Stallone Rocky Balboa with
the punching at this point I'm gonna
give him a potion and he is now he is
now a fully functioning member of our
team it's pretty exciting I don't want
to fight this guy because he's got like
zubats and Ekans is and it's just oh the
worst rapping and supersonic eing us to
death so I'm gonna skip that and over
there is nothing like HP up or whatever
but this kid right here is about to get
mega punched mega punched in the face
the reason I like getting a Geodude is
because normal Pokemon simply cannot
hurt you and turns out that's a lot of
what you fight in the early stages of
the game here this is these Rattata x'
unfortunately are gonna do their worst
but they do not hurt at all and mega
punch
luckily look at that so yeah it's really
sad when mega punch misses but luckily
it's not that bad now let's do bat zu
bad is annoying because it knows
supersonic and I can take it out with
two mega punches but it may confuse me
and sometimes you get confused and you
hurt yourself in your confusion and then
when you actually hit him mega punch
misses confuse no more oh there it is
the mega punch miss oh hey Zoop
normally it's not this bad to be honest
normally I kill this guy in two turns so
you saw it right now that was basically
the worst Zubat fight could possibly go
but hopefully that explains why I try to
avoid fighting as many of these rockets
with zubats
as possible you do want to fight this
guy here he
has some nice rock pokémon which is just
nice nice food for bubbles okay
go up here pick up a balloon stone I'm
just for the lulz
you know maybe you maybe you want to
catch all that a hundred fifty later
you'll want to up all saloon stoners
like I said in the speedrun they
actually use a new Turin male I think
it's called it knitter and up as a kid
knitter and up and knitter and down
because I didn't know what those symbols
meant this rocket you guys may remember
he's a he's a killer for many of us he's
got eradicate that will hyper Fang most
parties straight to death at this point
also good to know you want bubbles at
the top your party throughout this cave
because Stallone is too slow he cannot
run from these zubats you can catch a
Zubat in here especially if you find one
that's a pretty high level look again in
this last section like there's 11 um
I'll tell you what I'm gonna catch it
I'll tell you why because eventually
we're going to have to fight our rivals
Bulbasaur and like I said our team right
now
Wartortle and Geodude they're totally
useless against Bulbasaur he will he
will actually wreck us so we need some
sort of flying Pokemon basically is what
you get you've got two main options
Zubat here is good he actually knows
leech life in this version which is bug
type and bug is super effective against
grass and poison which is Bulbasaur's
two types what I'm gonna name him is
after another celebrity bats Fleck my
favorite of the Batman's maybe I don't
know anyway I'm not the reason I was
hesitant I'm not sure if I'm gonna end
up using him or if I'm just going to
catch a sparrow later I'm gonna do both
and I'm gonna see which one works better
maybe even show you guys both options
here we go this is a mandatory rocket
fight he does have as a bat let me do it
I'm gonna put bubbles out first or who
comes out first zoo better Rattata I'll
put bubbles out first I'll show you guys
what it would be like because you can of
course totally ignore getting a Geodude
you could just keep
plowing ahead with your Wartortle you
can teach him mega punch so he's got a
strong physical move and water guns
pretty good yeah so here's a Rattata
this is what it would look like if we
don't use a Geodude there's pros and
cons he's a bit faster and he's already
a higher level but quick attack does you
know that much damage so it's still it's
not a whole lot when you're just
fighting these these are tattoos and I
guess you kill them in the same amount
of hits but especially later on I like
to have a Geodude start powered up
because it's nice having that strength
against all normal and lots of other
types basically you're just immortal but
say we got to do bad I want a water gun
it and see what it looks like yeah so
he's faster because he's a higher level
and yeah no SuperSonics here so I guess
you know it puts my Geodude to shame
maybe this is easier I'll save Geodude
for later all right
go over here go ahead and pick up
another moonstone always a nice time I
think against this guy I do want to put
out Stallone I do want him to get some
experience I'll be using them a lot on
nugget bridge where there's some hard
fights and it's nice if he can level up
by then enough to know rock throw all
right now the most exciting part of the
game which fossil to take Hilux our dome
well I love from twitch plays Pokemon
I love praise helix but I've always been
a dome guy and we are out of mount moon
so there's a couple things here this is
actually important you want a great ball
boom hitting great ball that's gonna be
really useful in just a minute here's an
item that is not useful at all TM for
that teaches whirlwind all that does is
blow away wild Pokemon so not a whole
lot of use for that but I'll sell it
hello now what I'm gonna do I'm gonna
stick around here and try to catch
myself a a sparrow what a spear oh here
it is
I wonder what level they are at oh god
no that's not that's not helpful
did it come at different levels here I'm
gonna look it up real quick pause yeah
confirm they can be up to level they can
be eight ten or twelve here oh there it
is there's 10 you know I'm not trying to
sit around here and catch spiros all day
so I think that's
have to be good enough something to give
him a nickname - I'm gonna call him big
pecker perfect it's gonna be great later
when I trade him to that little girl for
a adducts and you can't change the
nicknames of traded pokemons so she's
just gonna enjoy her big pecker I'm an
awful person
okay so who's on my team now I've maybe
we've got bubbles the Wartortle we got
Stallone Geodude we got batfleck and we
got big pepper big big big pecker okay
that should be plenty good for us to
take down our arrival here I do want to
swing in here though real quick just
myself a little little rare candy action
from this guy's backyard yeah first try
got the right tree I know what I'm doing
I like 50% of the time but because first
thing we got a fight of his let's do a
save first thing we got a fight of his
is Pidgeotto
and Pidgeotto is very annoying she can
sand attack me into oblivion
but if Stallone is level 15 he knows 20
marchetti's he knows rock throw oh if
he's level 16 he knows rock throw there
it is okay normally I haven't fight
those Zubat so he's got one extra level
okay and it's time for a rival thing
it's the first time he's like we fought
him yeah cuz we didn't find before so
there's the first time we fought him
since uh Professor Oak's lab Pidgeotto
here we go
so yeah she's actually pretty strong
she's level 18 she can't hurt Stallone
very much
I'm gonna put this up here but if we get
in a sand attack Rock throw missing
situation this fight can be rough
best-case scenario all rock throw missed
Oh God
rock throw it's a great move but it has
one of the worst accuracies in the game
and it's there it is I hit one though
even with the sand attack
hopefully it's a one hitter no mega
punch a slightly better accuracy than
rock throw I'm pretty sure so I'm gonna
switch to that now if you just have mega
punch it'll take like at least four hits
I think together that's why I like
having the rock throw I'm just gonna
sort of plow through this yeah if you
get to Santa tact you can switch out and
switch back in or maybe just switch out
and water gunner to finish it off but
there we go
no problem here's Abra now I'm average
total free experience
I might actually give it to one of these
so that they hopefully gain level the
sparrows gonna be more useful later
so yeah big big peckers big peckers my
guy here yeah he just teleports by the
way that's why I was free so goodbye my
friend I didn't gain a level anyway well
screw it here's what I'm gonna do I'm
not gonna change Pokemon for eradicate
or Rattata he's still but then I'm just
gonna switch myself out you know I hate
switching pokemons mid-battle you lose a
turn but Stallone is invincible against
Rattata so really not much lost yeah
even a hyper Fang which is actually very
dangerous doesn't hurt him very much
that's why I like having a Geodude have
actually how I still didn't gain level
well screw it
time for my Bulbasaur big pecker do your
worst so yeah there's a huge level
difference here and he might growl me
into oblivion but I think that more
likely he'll just use leech seed over
and over again which doesn't help them
at all and yeah I'm pretty these damaged
pretty decent damage I'll take it yeah
the UM oh shoot I wanted to show you I
wanted to save state and show you what
happens when you use the zoo back but I
will just do it the old-fashioned way
right now and switch in that Fleck go so
even though leech life is super
effective against grass and poison so
you get that double effectiveness it's
been growled now but here's how much
damage it does well okay well now it's
been two growls but you can see based on
how little this does how little it did
when it started yeah it's just um what's
the word I'm looking for it's very weak
move in later gens they actually made it
powered power eighty I think and made it
they learn it later
my SuperSonics failing see vine whip
doesn't hurt him though and that's the
nice thing because he's doubly resistant
to it being flying and poison but anyway
so it's nice you can if you want to use
a zoo bat you can confuse him and that
way you know it can be an actual faster
battle if he's hurting himself more
often but it's kind of random so between
the two of these guys they they finished
him off there's big Pickers level up
well I can't believe I named him that so
that's the first time I've named him
that actually alright rival defeated
goodbye my friend you guys play the new
one yet on the switch it's so funny how
your rival is like so nice to you he's
like actually kind of your your friend
you know whereas this guy
smell you later such a dick by the way
plug for my channel if you're coming
here not knowing who I am but just
because you are interested in Pokemon I
make really fantastic recap videos of TV
and movies go check it out I'm amazing I
have double checked by the way I am in
fact recording this time so we're good
now it's nugget bridge nugget bridge is
kind of annoying let me actually use big
pecker here get him a little bit more
experience because this guy is a bug
trainer yeah you can see um having a
sparrow with Peck it's really good
against these caterpie's and wheedle
'he's the other main reason I don't
catch one earlier just you know to have
just to start powering up is because
it's super rare sparrows are super rare
back in that first patch of grass where
the where the knitter uns live so I
figure it's better just to just to get
one now you would only be about this
level anyway so you're not
not missing much all right so nugget
bridge here's the first Pidgey now Rock
throw makes me cry every time sometimes
you just don't even notice how bad its
accuracy is because it just works pretty
well but sometimes like this you're in
for a world of pain luckily he's not
using sand attack on me oh my god I
missed again it's okay
it's okay - misses is not bad I've had
six misses in a row before but this time
I get it on my third if you do get Santa
tack make sure you switch Pokemon for
this this knitter in and then switch
back in luckily luckily no sand attacks
this time so I just get to crush just
poor rabbit this guy pretty sure is rad
tada
and Ekans just like shortskid was maybe
they're cousins alright so here's the
Ekans let's see how this goes can this
can be you know this can be super
annoying Stallone is actually slower
then Ekans so it'd be wraps he gets to
go first I don't even get to hit on once
no maybe I should change out - what's
his dick I'm going to well I'll wait
till this rap ends okay if he wraps me
twice in a row so it's funny the money
thing is if a trainer is smart they can
actually rap you to death if your speed
is too slow that's happened to me before
in a at the grass gym there we go a nice
mystery at this guy's should be faster
than the Ekans and we'll water got him
to death that's honestly that's the the
better thing to do here i don't know why
i sentence mom Zubat uh you know I'm
just gonna I'm just gonna keep bubbles
bubbles out bubbles you get to enjoy
some time in the Sun because yeah
otherwise I'm just throwing rocks at him
I'm probably missing three times I'm
probably getting confused and then and
then missing again so let's just let's
just finish this off no bubbles you
failed me god I hate nugget bridge this
kid is so annoying no this girl she's
got exactly the same Pokemon as her
friend and number position number two
alright quick tack that's what I like to
see
yeah Rock throw hit the first time is it
gonna land in her obviously I'm the man
good job Sloane yeah love you love love
love love I can fast-forward through the
rest of this cuz knitter in does not
pose any sort of threat and we're on to
number five this guy is a very
interesting one because he has a man key
yeah what's up so he's type fighting
which is actually strong against rock
but unfortunately for him karate chop in
Gen one is type normal and it doesn't
hurt me at all there's so many problems
with Gen 1 it's just like how in the
world is karate chop not type fighting I
always love that this is a team rocket
recruitment trick you know they give you
a nugget and then they say hey join in
it would be nice say eventually a remake
of Pokemon where you can say yes and
join Team Rocket you have the option to
be evil with any luck I destroy this guy
now I should have just put in I should
have just put in Wartortle from this
start I hate Atkins oh my god I hate
Zubat so much this guy over here is also
annoying I'm pretty sure he's got a
Rattata then an Ekans I mean I haven't
played it so many times and I've
memorized everything maybe I have is
that impressive where should I be a
little bit embarrassed it's impressive
okie dokie now a very exciting part of
the game because we'll be catching the
grass pokemon here this is how we're
gonna beat misty you want to catch one
of the grass pokemon that live here in
blue version it is my boy Bellsprout and
in red it's oddish either one works
equally well he's a Bellsprout right
away level 12 - that's good I think they
can be up to level 14 but I don't care
enough to
wait plus I got a couple pokeballs I'll
be sitting around here for a while
trying to catch an Abra so if I find a
higher level one I'll just I'll just
catch that one too
what am I gonna name it we're just gonna
go with plan D we'll see I might catch a
little 14 anyway and we'll have a chance
to come up with a better one then so
during this section I'll fast forward as
I'm looking for an Abra they're not
actually that rare so it normally
doesn't take that long this time is
taking a little bit longer oh there's a
level 14 Bellsprout
yeah the extra levels are actually worth
it because you can only you can only get
it so much experience on the fights on
the way to Bill's house and you want it
to learn enough sleep powder which it
doesn't learn until until sort of right
on the cusp of how high you can get it
let's see if we come up with a better
nickname here this time I'm just gonna
name it salad we'll see how that goes
anyway more Abra hunting time
seriously it normally doesn't take this
long
hey it's an Abra what's up what's up my
boy a little late I like a level 10 Abra
I love late will do just fine so as you
remember caching average they teleport
away right away and I used to try to do
sneaky things like I just put it get a
Jigglypuff and put it to sleeper or
whatnot but sometimes it's just better
to straight-up throw a Pokeball and I
have a great ball in my experience this
has worked 100% of the time but we'll
find out oh my god whoops I saved my
state okay see I normally play this
actually straight up on my gameboy color
and when that's not an option but
luckily I'm on the computer here for you
oh wait a minute
don't tell me that like the RNG is is
set you know but like as soon as the
battle starts oh I bet it is
okay pokeball sometimes the hat works
just as well
Oh God the great ball always works why
did it not work this time oh okay there
we go yeah that's what I'm talking about
that was supposed to happen on the first
time if you yeah if you're playing on
the gameboy I mean on an emulator save
your state if you're playing on the
Gameboy just you know save uh as you
know in the grass anyway time for a
nickname for Abra now I've got a good
one for him he Cadabra uses loves
bending his spoons which makes me think
of there is no spoon which makes me
think of my boy Keanu who kind of looks
like an abra what do you think you think
I think he does a little 10 APRA's is
again it's preferable but I don't care
that much it's fine what I am gonna do
now oh I don't I don't have him into my
party because I I caught two of these
fools and I have a well I was gonna
teleport I was gonna teleport back to
the pokey Center it was gonna be really
cool instead I'm gonna have to walk the
walk of shame
oh there's an abra what do you think
about this is a little 10 yeah well
that's just how life goes sometimes what
I'm gonna do is throw my lone pokeball
at it and maybe I get it and then you
know maybe not yellow up now
okay yellow Wow talk about the walk of
shame it was gonna be the teleport of
swagger but here we are okay so what I
want to do is get my Keanu out of
someone's PC know what we're gonna
eventually do is leave him with day care
man and if you haven't met level 10 sort
of leaving him there and then going and
going through the SSN and getting the
Thunder badge is like the perfect amount
to get him to 15 so then you can level
them up to Kadabra at 16 and you learns
confusion but since he's only level 8 I
feel like I'm just gonna give him some
experience now I think I'm gonna have a
good good opportunity here in a minute
this is a Tim 45 Thunder Wave totally
useless but now it's a time to power up
our salad to beat misty
anyway that was real easy um so now it's
this guy but it's actually a matchup
that he sends south first I hate these
hikers because you you put out your
plant Pokemon and you're like yeah I'm
gonna take you down and then it's match
up and you're like what are you doing
with a match up but again the match up
is no problem for stallone even though
he's super effective karate chopped up
normal so it's gonna look like this so
for the Geodude makes you put in your
your grass pokemon of choice not that
you have a choice but depending on which
version plan you could bind alipin
pretty easily it's gonna be no problems
nice nice free XP I don't want to fight
this kid because he's got some dumb
stuff but this kid right here this guy
he's got a slowpoke slow pokes really
tough one for us right now cuz he's type
water and psychic so never mind I'm like
I'm just gonna totally skip this guy
this girl however is a good one to kill
she's got normal stuff this hiker is a
another good place where you get some
plant experience now this guy here if
you pull him out
you can walk past him and get seismic
toss seismic toss I'm not sure I sort of
don't know if it's any good I feel like
it does exactly the amount of damage as
your pokemons level so there might be
some use for that I'm just gonna hold
Ondo for now this guy though has a
Pokemon that I can get some planet XP
from alright so salads level 17 that's
pretty good
he has another Sleep Powder yet but I
think she'll get there by the end of
Misty's first trainers this girl I'm
pretty sure has plant Pokemon so it's
time for big pecker on to bill you guys
remember this you separate him from his
teleportation system we can fast-forward
through it and he gives us the SS ticket
so moving right along now now I get to
do the swagger teleport yeah let's go
get me out of here Keanu heal up before
misty in it's time for gym battle number
two as this our 52 minutes yeah I think
it's normally it only takes me about two
hours to get here whatever uh soap water
pokemon battle first trainer here I
don't normally want to fast forward
through gym trainer battles but this
one's very uneventful
and here's sleep powder perfect yeah if
you start with the lower level um
Bellsprout it's actually you cannot
quite make it here sometimes but we're
good poison powder
like I said his useless wrath can be
handy sometime so we'll keep it and
growth is actually a key part of our
strategy as we'll see in a second first
things first though this next battle is
kind of hilarious because even though
we're in a water gym I'm just send out
send out my rock Pokemon Geodude first
why is he he's gone crazy
someone take the keyboard away from him
no it's okay see she's gonna send out a
Goldeen
which is a fish but it doesn't actually
know any water type moves at all it
knows Peck which is Flying type for some
reason I wish a new horn attack instead
that would make more sense but no so she
put out your grass pokemon and she's
actually gonna she's actually gonna do a
lot of damage to it especially if you
get supersonic I've died here before too
or with my with my grass pokemon and
it's just really sad still oh no
assuming he ever get Sun confused can
can make short work of her there we go
Golding done putting salad back out
front doing a save state just for good
measure how is how's my health out of my
salads health I'm gonna heal up to full
because every little bit actually does
matter here
and it's misty time Gym Leader number
two water pokemon here's misty and her
sexy black bikini didn't use that one in
the show but that's okay I like her
tank top to star you what I'm gonna do
with Star you is put it to sleep she's
gonna use ex defense see that's good
sometimes she'll just straight up use
tackle and it can actually do a bit of
damage these these starfish are strong
but while it's sleeping I'm gonna use
growth as many times as I possibly can
because star me is actually really
strong I think if you don't growth at
all first star me will tackle you to
death before you can bind limit to death
so it's not it doesn't matter as much
with your if you are on red version with
an oddish because every time you absorb
you get health back so I think you just
sort of absorb your way through it but
as long as star you're sleeping here I
want to growth I don't have an exact
number of growths in my head basically
as long as it stays asleep but also I
think that was plenty there this was a
nice long sleep so I'm just gonna finish
it off you want to be able to get to a
point where you kill it sometimes you
can kill it in in one hit the star me
which is nice but you want to at least
kill it in two hits star me and don't
change Pokemon here that's the thing the
growth will stick your special will be
raised as long as you are in battle so
she's gonna tackle I don't see yeah look
how strong it is especially with the
critical hit ouch you don't need to put
it to sleep because you're more likely
to just fail o us when you get a
critical hit it undos it's actually bad
if you've increased your stats it
ignores all of the growths I just did so
that's kind of unfortunate but I guess
we'll both get critical hits and luckily
Misty's very likely to use x defend
anyway so you have at least one extra
turn of not dying but this one should do
pretty well and there we go star me done
hey salad grow into level 19 good job
and I've defeated misty
time for another badge I am well on my
way now to being a hippo keymaster she's
going to give me bubble beam which is
much better than bide at least I'm not
gonna ask her what it does because I
don't care okay I'm out of here
alright so saving the game just under
two hours
again not a speedrun but trying to
trying to move through this pretty
quickly and that's pretty good alright
so what's next I've got some Pokemon
here let's heal them up before I go any
farther it's actually important to stop
at the Mart the reason I came here is
for some antidotes just a couple more
since I'm loaded because they don't
actually still antidotes down in the in
the next towns place I also want a
couple more pokeballs cuz I'll have to
catch some stuff eventually and a couple
more potions just for the walk down
there cuz we'll be able to get super
potions down there but you know Yolo
okay now we're going over to the house
to get out of town this rocket is
actually a fight that there's there's no
a real great option for he's got a
drowsy and drowsy type psychic obviously
confusion is strong against everything
but we'll get there in a second first I
have to take care of his matchup now I'm
actually going to do what I was talking
about before this is a good time to do
it I'm gonna put out key on oh yeah
there's The Drowsy
yeah a little 17 huh so Kyoto is here at
level 8 I'll get some nice experience
from this normally what I would do with
this Drowsy is just mega punch it to
death if I missed too many times
confusion can actually kill Stallone
look how much damage it deals yeah it's
legitimate and mega punch it's got
decent defense to mega punch will
probably take at least two or three hits
but since I'm trying to get my average
some points I'm just gonna self destruct
him theoretically to death
Wow yeah boom yeah so I'm talking about
that's the best way to deal with him
Keanu gains 370 points there he is up to
level ten didn't miss a beat boom um so
I'm gonna get dig and that's nice too
that's a great move that'll help me get
through the electric Jim here's a quick
note I have to go heal now because my
Geo dudes dead
we are going to give our Abra over -
take care man what's up take care man
now the way this works Pokemon get one
experience point for every step you take
while you are these here I've done this
like I said a hundred times ish every
time you leave him there now at level 10
and when you go down do the SS and get
the Thunder badge and come back he will
be exactly level 15 which is perfect
because he of all sticky dabber at level
16 and Kedavra learns confusion at 16
so if Abra gets to 16 and then you have
him evolve at 17 Kadabra will never
learn confusion and he will be totally
useless if you end up in that situation
you can trade your Abra for a mr. mime
uh-huh no one's favorite thing to do
because mr. mime is pretty lame but I
have done it before and he has
successfully you know wrecked everything
throughout the game so it's no big deal
over here I'm skipping mostly strainers
cuz they're dumb this one right here a
lot of people remember him he's got the
butter free I am gonna fight him just
cuz he's sorted in my way
he's can be touched heard of a tough
fight because he's fly you know again
confusion actually hurts and he's liable
to use sleep powder on you and who knows
what else but I think I should be able
to just crush him really easily and I
don't want to have to don't want to have
to avoid him every time you know see
here's a Sun stun Spore as long as I'm
not fully paralyzed it's all good
because I can kill him in one hit so
there we go could've been dangerous but
not for a poky mastermind like me these
guys over here this girl's got a lot of
piggies we could basically still only
makes quick work of them at this point
no longer much of a danger and this guy
here he's got retinas which also is no
problem even for a paralyzed Stallone so
we made it down to vermilion City
don't need a fishing rod because I'm not
gonna catch any Magikarp thank Gyarados
you know some people like to buy the
fish and then give it to the train the
day care man and then you know I have a
Gyarados pretty early but I have no use
for a Gyarados to be honest
alright let's buy some paralyzed heels
so that never happens again
and some awakenings just in case there
we go this is a good time to have all
that ice heals never ever get frozen so
you know now that I've said that I'm
just gonna buy some screw it I'm loaded
whatever okay so here's a bunch of super
potions let's buy 10 yellow you want a
lot for rock town all in for everything
I forget how many pokeballs I have left
let's see let's see
three pokeballs I need to catch one two
things just buy a couple more okay so we
should be good we already have a sparrow
otherwise you can go over to the grass
here and catch one but since we already
have one we're gonna go ahead and tray
four ducks right away how do you have
sparrow on trade for Farfetch'd
yep alright enjoy big pecker little girl
I'm just going to turbo mode through
that because yeah Amy got a bench that's
what I like to see oh the sparrow is
doing great yeah enjoy it
so Ducks is my favorite Pokemon maybe
yeah it's a duck
he knows Peck too and he can learn cut
and fly in case that wasn't obvious
that's why we want the Ducks
the other big thing you got to do in a
million City go to the pokey Mon League
over here talk to this guy so you can
get your bike voucher bike voucher
obviously very good because walking is
just so loose let me check if I'm ready
for the SSN we've got our Stallone we've
got our our Wartortle bubbles
we've got salad and we've got our new
ducks so we should be good
I'm gonna save alright cruise ship SSN
now the thing is about it I am going to
totally ignore everyone again not a
speedrun but most of these guys are kind
of useless
the battles are annoying to fight except
for this one I've got to stop in here
cuz I want that tm8 in the corner fight
this guy real quick Sloane will make
short work of them so tm8 bodyslam it's
a pretty good normal attack a couple
things with it you can don't don't talk
to this girl by the way up there if you
get too close to her she'll attack you
okay I do a few things that you can
teach it to Stallone right now and avoid
him having mega punch which misses so
often but I feel like mega punch is good
enough you could teach it to bubbles
because right now his only physical
attack is tackle I might need it later
I'm doing some things differently this
time I think so I'm gonna hold on to it
I do want to teach these other teams
while I'm thinking about it let's go for
dig I definitely want that on my
Stallone II and let's get let's get our
other seismic toss no I don't know where
I want that either but I want some
bubble beam maybe we'll give it two
bubbles
he loves bubbles so he loves bubble beam
I'm in fact going to straight-up upgrade
bubble with it even though these are
useless moves but if there's no reason
to have too many water moves but this
will be good and that's a great move to
go through Rock Tunnel you know that way
you have plenty of water PP for all the
rock stuff alright
down quick stop in the kitchen to the
trash cans and grabbing a great ball I
don't think I need this for anything to
be honest there's there's no Pokemon I
really want to catch until I'll be able
to buy great balls but it doesn't matter
it's just for good luck
I don't need to go out there though so
the reason I don't fight people in the
SSN you know you've got all these
sailors on the deck and stuff you think
it's a good place to power up your grass
pokemons but you'd be wrong cuz most
sailors have attempted cool which grass
is useless against because it's type 2
poison and most the rest these guys
they're just normal Pokemon and what am
I gonna just plow ahead with Stallone
more he's a high enough level already
we'll be fine here though is my rival
fight now let's see how this goes it
should be good but last time the time I
just played through this where I was not
recording Stallone missed with rock
throw eight times in a row no joke and
that was before he even got sand
attacked so sometimes you get totally
screwed and sometimes you just hit on
your first try so let's see which lets
see which kind of run this one is oh
there's one alright let's see if I can
then there's a sand attack now it's
gonna be even harder to hit oh but I did
it second try and I should one-shot I'm
good oh god it was really frustrating
Raticate um because I was saying
attacked I want to I want to change real
quick I just put out some bubbles there
we go but I do want to change back to
Stallone in Casey Casey uses some hyper
Fang no reason for no reason for bubbles
to take the injury when eradicate just
not gonna put up much of a fight here
against my G oh dude I'm gonna use my
new dig cuz why not it's actually gonna
be stronger than mega punch because he
is type ground
so of course stab bonus same type attack
bonus if your Pokemon is the type of the
move it's it's stronger it's like 50%
stronger now Kadabra again this is oh no
man is not free experience because he
does no confusion now
he's still got a 50% chance of just
using teleport instead I think what I'm
gonna do is yeah just just go ahead with
Salone even if he hits me with confusion
I can definitely take one hit and then
then kill him in one cuz his defense is
so weak
boom now it's time for Ivysaur let's put
out our new ducks in the only battle
ducks will ever see ducks will be in our
party at the end of the Elite Four but
but this will be the only time that he
actually fights so yeah I'm gonna get
growls to death and it's going to be
it's gonna be annoying because now my
PEC is pretty weak but don't tackle me
like that in the end I'm gonna win I
might even stand attack him here because
this tackle kind of hurts ow stop that
I'm a cute little duckie uh normally
he'll just use leech seed five times in
a row and then oh my god how do you hit
me I sent ACK well this is this is a lot
more dangerous than it was supposed to
be this was supposed to be a nice easy
fight okay
there we go you cannot hit me anymore
and I'm not gonna bother leering him cuz
then I'll just growl me some more so
again it's just just Peck oh my god how
are you hitting me they sand all up in
your face okay one more hit there we go
let's take a Guerra
anyway good job ducks anyway time for
the SS Ann to leave now how many of you
did cheated the game by having a traded
pokemons from a friend that knew cut so
you didn't have to do this come back
later in the game when you know surf and
surfing over to that little patch of
land I definitely did searching from you
and I found a dump truck over there my
brother and I were so excited we thought
oh my god this is it musing the dump
truck unfortunately though there is
nothing in the dump truck we even tried
fishing in it and strengthing it but no
it's just just there for no good reason
and Musa Musa not actually in the game
so anywhere you read that there is it's
it's a lie well it except for cheats or
glitches or whatever so we've got cut
now let's go ahead and use it right now
then we can deposit some things actually
because now's a good a time as any
now it's time to fight the electric Jim
ducks use cut and it's time for the
hardest part of the entire game the
trash cans up do you guys remember this
you've got to find the two switches in
the in the trash cans but they are
likely to move and it's totally random
as far as as far as I'm aware so it
might take a million years now first
thing though obviously just beat all
these guys here I'll show you real quick
how this Jim is gonna go
Pikachu's going to do anything it wants
Stallone's gonna dig a hole and then one
shot one shot him and that's basically
how the rest of these fights all go and
fast-forward there you go I do make sure
you bring these guys into the aisle
because you don't wanna have to walk
past them okay it's trashcan time you
look in the trash you guys probably
remember
let me show you what the issue is hey
there's a switch under the trash turn it
on first electric lock open
so the second electric lock is always
next to it but it could be this one or
it could be this one and it's just it's
just I feel like I'm always wrong house
only trash in here
so yeah the electric blocks were set so
if I was playing on my game boy that
would be sad but because I'm able to
save state on the emulator what wait a
minute
oh my god did it really just give me the
second switch in the same trashcan maybe
that's why I miss it all the time maybe
maybe it my mind is blown I'm not going
to argue though because we're done with
that help and it's time for the battle
against lieutenant Serge um I don't even
need to heal that's how confident I am
hey kid what are you doing here this guy
talks about back in the war how electric
pokemon saved him that would be an
interesting mini movie mini animated
movie about the great Pokemon war that
happened I guess at some time in the
past but in any case it's a bullet orb
now Voltorb is the only pokemon in here
that can actually hurt me at all let's
see if he does it he uses tackle nope he
doesn't he can use sonic boom which will
deal exactly 20 health regardless of
defense but in any case he can only do
it once before I kill him with dig so
I'm not scared all right Pikachu time
this is a gonna be a pretty boring one
there's not much of an oil painting you
could make for this one it's uh I mean
it would be fun to have the whole series
of all the gym fights the last one was
the sleeping star you as as Bellsprout
is just growing to an epic size but this
one this one would be stallone popping
out of a hole and punching this Raichu
in the face I suppose yep he's not gonna
do anything that could possibly hurt me
and he's gone sorry
so that's gonna mark my third gym badge
all right I am truly a poky master and
he gives me the best move yet I for his
tea I'm the Thunderbolt Thunderbolts
fantastic it's actually a move that I
use at the end of the game for my final
electric pokemon because it is more
accurate than thunder that's something a
lot of a lot of people don't really
realize as they're casually playing you
know they think thunders got to be the
ultimate electric attack and
it is it is a little bit stronger but it
turns out it's not that much stronger
than Thunderbolt Thunderbolt has a 15 PP
and it has 100% accuracy instead of
thunder which has like 80 it's liable to
miss when you need it most so
Thunderbolt always works well for me
now before we walk back up we have to go
get flash so we got to go through
Diglett oh god I almost forgot the most
important thing I hope I don't end up
taking too many steps here and
accidentally over leveling my Abra I've
never seen that happen and I've messed
up a bunch but what I want to do is buy
repels I want to buy 10 repels because
I'm gonna use them through all of Rock
Tunnel I don't want to be fighting
random encounters as I go through there
and I also don't want to be fighting
random encounters as I go through
diglettz cave um I want to fight one
though if you'll notice my pokedex is 9
that's right if you catch the Zubat is 9
otherwise you're only at 8 here maybe
you caught a Clefairy or Jigglypuff but
basically what I'm gonna do is catch one
Diglett I catch my first Diglett and
that will give me bring me up to 10 and
that's that's all you need to get flash
so let's see how this one goes I can't
use do you think I'll kill it with water
gun let's find out I don't want to have
to tackle it more than once so I have
faith that Diglett oh well by biglan hey
no actually I just want to kill him get
a level what do you think let's try this
again then you can catch a drowsy over
in the grass to the right and he can use
him as your flasher
but he's relatively rare you'd be
running around for a bit I'd rather just
catch a Diglett now since it's on my way
and we're good to go in here by the way
this is where this guy doesn't say
anything right yeah okay totally useless
this kid over here is the one where you
can trade your Abra for mr. mime
but you know we want to avoid that if at
all possible not just because mr. mime
is creepy and weird but because he
doesn't learn psybeam
all right to remember me I'm Professor
Oak's aid got ten kinds of Pokemon
supposed to give you an HM five and I
have caught exactly ten give me that
flash all right let's go down here real
quick there's some things I'll pick up
so going back through diglettz cave
actually I literally forget if I use dig
does it take me back to the start of the
cave or does it take me back to the last
Pokemon Center let's find out hey I made
it man I'm the best I'm amazing alright
so we're just going straight off I
bought lots of repels right 9 repels I
bought lots of super potions right 9
that should be fine and I've got enough
pokeballs good good good good good I
don't want to swing by the Mart I'm
ready to just move on here make sure you
do have an empty slot here otherwise
you're gonna go say give me my opera
back and he's gonna say oh looks like
your party's full and it's like dammit
man you don't even have a PC in your
room so I can conveniently deposit an
extra Pokemon he makes you walk all the
way back to town cuz he's a douche bag
all right let's see did I do this
perfectly oh god I suck how did I mess
this up I must have walked like six
steps less than normal I'm gonna do two
laps and if this doesn't do it wow I'm
just gonna do two more laps real quick
hey that's what I'm talking about
see I know I know what I'm doing here
I'm the master well first things first
I'm going to go get my bicycle alright
got the bike very exciting time and I
can walk faster where's my key ah no get
up in front you remember I left a couple
of these guys live we're gonna go kill
him
that's why I really like to have the
extra rare candy that's why you fight
the extra rocket with your Geodude but
in any case this shouldn't be much of a
problem
okay well round that up to 90 each to
200 that's halfway there basically and
I'm gonna get there I'm gonna get the
last half on this slowpoke guy alright
so I'm gonna do a whole thing where I
self destruct kill the slowpoke and
Keanu can have all the experience and
hopefully that's enough oh yeah baby
we're good
level 16 whoo yah kion is evolving yeah
Cadabra all right so this guy's gonna be
carrying me through the entire
midsection the game there's confusion
and we're gonna go Oh get up ducks do
your worst
so first girl first girl here has some
grass pokemon and you know it's good
against type grass psychic not actually
of course but just another little snide
rant about why psychic is good against
poison at all that doesn't make sense to
me and then the fact that every single
grass pokemon in the game is types to
poison
unless you count Paris is type 2 bug I
just use teleport I'm just mocking it at
this point that's what I get for ranting
while I'm trying to battle okay now
confusion let's watch as Keanu does his
thing I don't think he can oh never mind
it gets a crit I was about to say you
can't one-shot these guys yet but he's
getting there
nice little Bellsprout the nice thing
about psychic - that makes him so strong
is that he's extraordinarily fast so
he's gonna gonna go before all these
guys he might get wrapped here but no
not even get out of a face and there it
is
he on his first battle was a resounding
success this TM is actually teleport TM
30 so I don't need that but I will come
down here to fight this guy you go find
a guy with some bead rolls up there I
forgot what this guy is I'm just not
gonna bother screw it screw him and
screw that guy obviously Caterpie not
typed poison but I you know bug poke you
might not gonna put up much of a fight
anyway alright now here we are it's time
to catch our next Pokemon
you can find in this grass pretty
commonly it'll tour hey now Voltorb is
not great because it never actually
learns thundershock which is what you
want your electric pokemon to know
because that has the high PP you know
that's got 30 times and later on in the
game we're going to be powering up our
electric pokemon by fighting about a
hundred swimmers in a row and if all you
have is is Thunderbolt with only 15
you're gonna have to fly back and the
pokey Center like a million times so
that's why Voltorb is not a good choice
but he is a good choice for right now to
flash my way up in Rock Tunnel so I'm
gonna name him flasher
well I accidentally hit question mark so
I'll just go with it I was gonna give
him an exclamation point but that's fine
he could have named him the flash or
Barry Allen if you're into those types
of things but I I'm not I actually don't
watch that show don't forget to actually
pull him out of your box first let me go
ahead and use the HM on him right away
let's do a save before Rock Tunnel now
Rock Tunnel I do have to flash actually
I'm not one of those crazies that can
actually memorize all the steps let me
use my repel right away otherwise I'm
liable to run into some sort of Zubat
this guy here he is the slope of a guy
but he first has cubone
they are cube owns a nice pokemon that I
never used because I've almost never
caught one there they're kind of rare to
get you didn't know what I mean
but anyway he's oh wow yes that's what I
get for not not fighting any of those
guys a little bit underleveled but he's
gonna catch up quick because plenty of
rock dudes around here and cubone still
didn't pose much of a problem there it
is there's one level already all right
now the moment of truth one of the
hardest fights in the game not this guy
but actually the next slowpoke is an
even higher level but let's see how
Stallone doesn't now confusion hurts him
a decent amount but he's got a lot of HP
now
I'm pretty sure slowpoke does not know
water gun so he can't hurt me with much
and even Stallone being slow he's faster
than slowpoke so that's why that's why
this is uh I can't one hit him but
whatever as long as I don't miss with
this mega punch it should be fine yeah
there we go
okay that's the clear way to take down
these slowpokes I don't know why I said
it was so hard it's just it's just hard
because you don't really have any any
great like super effective options you
know what I mean okay time to get on the
bicycle and going down here and this
bastard is the next slowpoke guy
slowpokes a fantastic Pokemon because of
his types uh what does this girl have I
don't know so I'm going with Stallone
upfront
oh no she's a planter this should be an
easy clean up for kion oh yeah you know
the interesting thing about having all
grass pokemon be type 2 poison and
having psychic be good against poison is
that you literally don't need a fire
pokemon for anything this guy in fact
has some fire pokemon speaking of in the
meantime just taking out some of the
hikers here it's no big deal yo this is
what I hate more than anything else when
you have your you have your water
pokemon out because you're gonna fight
some rocks but he sends out a Machop
first
speaking of matchups that's one of the
things you can catch in Rock Tunnel but
I don't find any real use for it the I
really don't need much XP for bubbles
from here on out he's not gonna do much
these are the last batch of rock
pokemons we fight and my Kadabra is
gonna be doing most of the work from
here on out basically it's gonna be that
the Keanu and Stallone show we could
make a real-life live-action movie of my
Pokemon rod starring Stallone and Keanu
that would be a dream come true
Oh God I just I just did learn
bubblebeam I wasn't paying attention you
know what I don't even want bubblebeam
who needs it I got water gun sorry
bubbles
you don't know any bubble moves anymore
what's this girl have a fake I think she
might actually have a fairy Jigglypuff
yeah I'm right I'm right on the money
hey it's so cute look at it again I'm
gonna kill it
I'm gonna punch its face alright we're
almost done here
oh my sad bubbles no longer knowing
bubble beam it'll be a big point of
drama in the movie in the live-action
movie when Stallone and Kiana's uh old
mentor you know he was here before any
of them bubbles played by bubbles from
the Trailer Park Boys and he he forgets
how to bubble it'll be great ok I'm
gonna put my bird outside too cuz he's
tripping up a storm okay now he's a
happy bird chat try to tell me who else
can play press to these roles we've got
salad ducks let's get let's get him like
I'm like a comedy actor you know what I
mean flasher can have a bit part you
know whoever you think would fit that I
Oh God I like to skip this guy because
he's a douchebag I think he's got some
slowpokes also ok we can probably
fast-forward through the rest of these
guys I'm gonna put Yano out front
how kiddo and Stallone ever been in a
movie together someone Google that
someone who will then find out I'm
thinking no but there might be something
I'm forgetting and I'm pretty sure
that's the end of Rock Tunnel hey okay
so we are now in lavender town yeah
there's that lavender town music um
anyway enough of that what I'm gonna do
right now is let's go do some PC
management I'm not gonna go into look
into ghost tower yet you go in there you
have to fight your rival here I'm gonna
go look at him what are you doing up
there
bum fart I see you I see you up there
bum part so the problem with him right
now is that he has a sneaky Gyarados at
this point um and Gyarados is not a huge
problem he's double weak to electric
because for inexplicable reasons he's
typed to flying but I don't have any
electric pokemon yet and so I actually
don't have anything I can hurt him with
what I would do is send out Stallone
because Gyarados at level level 20
should
not know any watertight moves he should
know like maybe bite basically which I
could I could destroy him with but his
gear dose because he's super special
knows hydro pump at level 20 so we'll
get there when we get there when you get
there so in the the Pokemon new version
you have to I think you have to go up
into Pokemon tower to the top of it
before they let you go down this one I
get to go over here first I get to
completely ignore it till I have the
self scope I think I have to fight one
of these um and it'll be this guy okay
the rest of these guys I don't
particularly want to fight they'll just
have normal sized Pokemon and they're
kind of worthless so get out of my face
see this guy there that's got nothing oh
well you know what I'll fight him yellow
Oh God oh wow I regret everything in my
life let's just take this guy out real
quick okay now we should be clear I
still can't go through the guard gate
there so it's time for another
underground tunnel you can ride your
bikes down here I feel like that's
probably against the official rules but
luckily no one else is down here to
complain so we could just blow through
like the hooligan we are so it's time
for celadon City yeah life in the big
city
let me go ahead hit the pokey sit to
hear a lot of a lot of important things
we do in this city let's see first I'm
gonna go around the back
I'm gonna go ahead and climb up this
place and get our Eevee yeah Eevee is
gonna get used for I think evolving into
Jolteon and beating that damn Gyarados
that our arrival has he has it here any
has it later before I normally normally
I wouldn't get an electric pokemon until
quite late in the game I would once I
have surf and stuff I would go over to
that abandoned power plant and pick up
one of the Magna mites now I can talk
for a long time about why a Magnemite
but I'll tell you later
okay now venom jeez get one of each of
course and you give it to the little
girl who is so thirsty she's gonna drink
all three of these back-to-back
Oh Plus get an extra fresh water for the
guard okay
TM 13 is of course ice beam as she
explains one of the best moves in the
game that will be how we're taking down
the Dragons and this is of course T of
48 rockslide so that's how much stronger
and much better much more accurate than
rock throw this one's not as useful try
attack and I'm not going to teach any of
those to anyone right now you go over
here here's the Snorlax of course what's
up Snorlax sleeping peacefully let me go
get fly though as soon as humanly
possible so let's get this one going
right away I'll also teach rockslide to
my guy okay so ducks even though you're
a small little duck fly me around yes
the flying map best part of the game
we're gonna just back sell it on here so
I probably could've walked here and the
time it took me to figure out how to
teach him fly but we're good now so game
corner I think you go fight Erica you
can go right through here and fight her
I'm going to wait because she's actually
a bit strong for us right now we're
gonna get Keanu a bunch of XP inside
game corner then in goes tower I don't
want any coins right now or ever because
gambling is terrible
slots are boring take down the post of
rocket real quick we can use rockslide
now let me put these two right up at the
top because that's all I'm gonna use
they got a lot of Rattata is a thing so
I think mostly I'll have a sloan out
first and then I'll switch to Keanu um
go find all these guys cuz their rockets
and they need to die you could skip the
guys on this floor entirely actually if
you don't feel like it they're a waste
of they're a waste of time I do know
that this guy is gonna be the first time
Keanu where they get to shine in any
case he's gonna blow through everything
this guy has their super weak yeah look
at best
the lift is down this way so I actually
want to go down to the bottom first oh
that's actually where you get double
edged so I'm gonna come down here fight
this guy in the face what's up snuck up
on you now I pictured this scene if
someone were to illustrate me going
through the rocket game corner I imagine
that I've got my Kadabra just like out
of his pokeball walking walking along
like in front of me um like down the
hallways just looking absolutely
terrifying just like slamming zubats and
stuff against the wall and like Rockets
are like running and
that's how I would illustrate this one
um okay it's been uh it's been a while
uh pretty surely this and okay here we
are so you can see this is why having a
psychic pokémon is quite good it's gonna
be even more useful in ghost tower where
that's basically the best way to super
effectively get through all the ghosts
especially because you're faster than
the ghosts ghosts are faster than most
things and so if you are just trying to
like plow through it with a you know
your your Wartortle that will confuse
you and put you to sleep and annoying
stuff like that uh this guy obviously
one of the most missed items in the game
if you don't reach out to him you don't
get the lift key but I'm smart so there
we go uh what am i doing got the lift
key time to get out of here um you know
what actually I guess I got I need some
room for items I guess I'm going to
evolve Eevee right now I'm committing to
this but let's get some Eevee evolution
yeah now's the time oh it's so cute oh
my god I forgot how cute Eevee was in
boom Jolteon what's up mate as good a
time as any I'll talk about why I never
used Jolteon before because well he's
level 25 which is a nice thing see in
this run I want to use Pokemon that you
get at a high level I'm not about to you
know catch a level 10 something and then
power it up for a while
but he doesn't know thumbs shocked he
doesn't actually learn thundershock
until 32 so that's what makes that's
what makes all the Eevee evolutions kind
of suck say you want flareon you don't
even have any fire TMS to teach him and
for a long time so you're sitting there
just tackling people until you finally
learn Ember at 32 or whatever and at
that point it's like why do I even you I
don't even care about ember but luckily
I dunno Thunderbolt which is an
incredible move and well we're gonna
commit to it we're gonna do it though
Thunderbolt it done alright so that
cleared up some space shoot which way is
the fast water okay do it some fast
forwarding through this part little
turbo mode spacebar action and there we
go there's the lift
what's up these stairs here I think it's
just more oh God oh I will fight this
guy whatever is over here is useless
have a potion op I'll buy a bunch of
these later so what's
I'm having it now I'm just gonna use it
on Sloane oh my god you're so healed so
yeah you can skip that room and now the
lifts all the way to the bottom is where
we're going these guys obviously are
Jessie and James Oh Sam true that's what
it was definitely not where I want my
psychic going but bubbles can get some
get in on this action kind of wish that
he knew bubblebeam
I've made some hilarious mistakes in
this run for for me claiming that it's
my perfect strategy run but you know the
strategies there it's just I wasn't
paying full attention to what I was
doing there it is there's the iron
there's the defense and this will be a
mini-boss battle uh you know Giovanni
theoretically uses ground-type pokémon
but in practice he uses normal-type
pokémon and poison-type pokémon so I'm
just gonna kion about first let's see
what happens hey it's a Giovanni that's
how he talks it Sammy Giovanni we
actually does start with an Onix well
luckily I have an onyx master in my
lineup you don't need no bubblebeam guys
gonna be just fine there it goes there's
water going down the drain
let's see what else this guy's got it
another Rhyhorn actually I guess bubbles
I guess this really is your battle his
last pokémon is a kangaskhan which is
not type ground but at all so I feel
like it should be kind of looks like it
but it's just a normal type which makes
it kind of annoying because nothing is
particularly good against it pretty sure
its rockslide time maybe yeah um bike
being changed to dark type in the later
version this just makes me so so sad
because all sudden it hurts still oh it
hurts rock types at normal amount and
it's like what it's bite it's not like
shadow bite it's just actually bite you
know what I'm saying yeah see this guy's
got pretty good defense I can't like
actually hurt him that badly luckily he
can hurt me even even last family oh you
know what I've done in the past I've
actually bought the submission TM in
celadon Mart that's a fighting type of
move which is pretty cool and you can
teach it to Stallone and then when you
have a normal type like this you can
submit him probably almost won hate them
because it's super effective but it hits
you with recoil for just like
I don't know a bunch of damage you
really can't use it that often but it
actually would be good when being good
for that fight I should have done it
anyway there's Giovanni done no problem
can you give me I'm gonna give me the
old-fashioned self scope here yeah babe
okay so I've got all the Pokemon I want
I'll just keep them let's actually put
some of these teams away and the Silph
scope I need so we're good now we've got
a much clearer inventory pretty sure
that's all that's here for now it's time
to go over to lavender town time to fly
redux yeah pretty sure they sell full
heels here today they do not yeah okay
well they do super repels okay I
definitely want some of these for all
the ghosts now like I was talking about
before if you do want to be catching all
the pokemons I do recommend you don't
repel too early and then you catch
yourself a ghastly and/or a hot door
hunter because I it's a great one for
catch your Pokemon but in the meantime
we have a more pressing matter it's our
rival fight is Jolteon ready to go knows
Thunderbolts so it should make quick
work out of that euro dose but as always
our rival is going to start with a
Pidgey type oh god I'm nervous
okay let's do it hey I'm part um yeah a
lot of people you know they'll use an
electric pokemon but I I prefer my rock
Pokemon on flying because they just
cannot hurt me at all I just love rock
Pokemon I guess maybe that's maybe
that's my vision I miss you here's the
Gyarados though so normally what I would
do against this is basically put out
bubbles and that point I would have
taught him bodyslam perhaps maybe give
him double edged and just sort of slam
my way through Gyarados he can't really
hurt bubbles too much a salad of course
because he's type 2 flying he's kind of
he's normally effective the water and
the flying cancel each other out so
that's why he's not good and Keanu can
hurt him a little bit with confusion but
he can't one-shot him and slow and of
course just gets hydro pumped even
though that's ridiculously unfair
so Jolteon is really our best option
here I'm excited
to see how it goes and the thing is is
that I think Jolteon will be good I'll
find enough thing I'll look at it he's
still cute for mind I'll be able to find
enough water type Pokemon along the way
that eventually he'll learn thundershock
and Hopi a similar level to the I'll be
able to power them up the same way I
would power up a maghemite later so
let's see how this goes yeah that's what
I like to see Jolteon chat start start
to give good nicknames for Jolteon just
kidding this isn't this isn't live
recorded but if maybe you'll have a
better one than what I ever would I come
up with anyway you just growlithe I will
change Pokemon now this is another
example where I could use bubble
obviously water good against fire but
I'd rather just used to loading in
what's up it's my boy yeah he's good
against fire too so it's like what is
just the best type rocks actually good
against fire
not just rocky and ground are both good
against it so this again this is some
kind of unfair Kadabra see we could have
a Kadabra battle here and I could use
double-edged I want to test it out I
want to see I want to see what it looks
like
because um otherwise you just have
someone punch him and he's not strong
enough yet he's only level 20 that he
won't be able to really beat me but uh
see I want to see how how this goes okay
yeah that's not bad he's a lower level
and Kadabra is uh has much lower defense
Drowsy actually has pretty decent
defense but Kadabra you like blow on him
with a hard blow and he's just he's just
down so that worked pretty well
it'll be tougher later once he's a very
high level Alakazam but I've got a plan
for that too so no big deal anyway Keanu
gets to stick out for the Ivysaur
because I said to poison now look at me
yeah yeah okay no longer an issue ducks
ducks no longer needed here is that
gonna be psybeam that would be very
convenient for all these ghosts nope not
yet well we'll get there so there's the
bum part fight for the rival fight
depending on what you've named him and
so remember I was just talking about how
drowsy has better defense and sort of
better attack any specialist still
really good enough that he can he can
crush people so why don't I use a Drowsy
instead of dealing with all the the
problems of trying to catch an abra and
then you know whatever
well Drowsy is not fast enough to be
faster than these ghosts that's uh
that's the main issue I tried that once
and it was incredibly disappointing
because even though he could one-shot
them they would always get like one hit
in first they would put you to sleep it
confuse you so that's why I'm these
psychic pokémon on these ghost Pokemon
you really want a nice fast psychic type
Keanu or mr. mime I mean you know
Kedavra or mr. miami your options and
that's yeah see this is gonna be that's
what this whole tower is gonna look like
and in fact we'll probably fast forward
for a bit you know while I'm fast
forwarding that I can talk about how
it's kind of really unfair I'm genuine
obviously that ghost is supposed to be a
good counter to psychic they're supposed
to be super effective against it but
there's no ghost type moves except
nightshade which is a set amount of
damage and lick which is extraordinarily
weak and because all the ghosts are type
2 poison it de facto
makes psychic super effective against
ghosts okay so we basically made it
through ghost tower and now it's time
for the marowak fight nice even though
he's a ghost he's still type she is
still type ground so it's gonna be
bubbles is gonna be bubbles his game
here no no it's a ghost a marowak
marowak so cool Pokemon but I never get
to user because t-bones pretty rare I
think I'm just like almost never caught
a cubone it's like how is that possible
okay yeah so bubblebeam would have been
better obviously I'm just so so
embarrassed but I think we'll still be
fine I doubt bone Club is gonna one-shot
me not will be okay good job bubbles
that's probably the last time I'll use
you for a while I don't think there's a
lot of other grounder rock-type pokémon
around and defeated the ghost oh yeah I
forgot we got all these Rockets up here
now that our mandatory fights I'll give
you a hint though they all have
poison-type pokémon except for maybe
some right ATA's which at this point I'm
just gonna leave in Keano to kill
because I don't feel like switching by
the way that's another big big reason
that makes Kadabra better than then
Drowsy is that could ever learn psybeam
Drowsy does not Elim is a lot of useless
stuff like pound and double smack or
whatever and head bite okay so that was
last rocket we right walked right by him
we rescue mr. Fuji
blah blah blah refreshed in your spirits
make sure you have love for your Pokemon
and there's the poké flute okay thank
you old man oh let's get out of here
first thing I'm gonna do I'll swing by
the store do a little inventory
management beep beep bop bippity boppity
boop here we go where did we land on
Joel Tian's name the Shocker what's up
welcome welcome to the team all right so
Who am I got right now I've got shot the
Shocker
is my Jolteon there he goes I'm not
gonna use him much the reason I don't
get an electric pokemon normally this
early is because you don't fight a lot
of water pokemon for
time until you fight a million when
you're swimming and then on the elite
floor you need one I got my bubbles
still he's hanging around he's gonna be
a surfer salads still here even though
even though she's not super useful
Stallone we see all the time
that's what he looks like from the front
he knows good stuff and Keano here
is been crushing it for us yeah look at
how bad the defense and attack is that's
the situation but he beats everything
and let me just look at ducks - I didn't
look at ducks hey my favorite ducks
what's up all right good recap so let's
do a heel will do deposit the Silph
scope now Snorlax Snorlax is a really
nice pokemon like Snorlax would be a
fantastic counter - Alakazam later the
only problem is there's no great way to
level it up you know like what's it
strong against you could be I guess you
could basically use it as a rock type
you can basically put it out against the
normals and just have it be a strong
attacker getting to the next city you
obviously have two options there's two
Snorlax is one is down through all the
fisherman which would be great if you
have electric pokemon normally I don't
so I go the other route down cycling
Road it's all poison and you can simply
cadaver everything to death if I go this
way
I actually get to level up Jolteon a
little bit earlier here I think that's
the way I'm gonna do it because you know
who doesn't need anymore to be right now
is Cadabra so yeah this is totally new
for me actually but I think I'm gonna do
it this way so I don't have thunder shop
yet which is a high PP move instead of
just got Thunderbolt there's only 15 so
basically uh basically 15 fish can die
we'll see how many are on the way to the
Snorlax but in any case this is gonna be
a good time for the Shocker here yeah
you know I never thought about using an
Eevee evolution at this point because I
thought to myself yeah they don't learn
their their elemental moves until so
high like they're totally useless but
yeah I forgot it that you could give
thunderbolt to them and then I think
you'll actually I could carry him
through the end of the game I love the
Magnemite because it's nice and easy you
get him it's already a strong level and
right at that point is when you want to
surf down through all the swimmers you
get to just plow through
and gain a bunch of levels up to that
point and you're basically ready for the
Elite Four but I think Jolteon will do
basically the same thing who's cooler
Jolteon or Magneton chat what do you
think
I mean Jolteon is obviously super cute
and super cool I'm a big fan of Magneton
though I think he's weird he's a
freaking weirdo you know and I'm into
that sometimes now all the pokemons on
cycling road so like I said Kadabra
doesn't need that experience at all he's
fine and he's gonna get a lot more
theoretically but what that's really
good to save it for is if you want to
power up a new psychic pokémon now what
I would do you could walk down this
route with your Jolteon when you get
down to future city you can get an
execute who will evolve into executor
and you could teach him psychic he
doesn't learn it naturally but geez type
psychic and the reason he's good is
because he's a good psychic blocker he's
actually got good attack and a defense
also he's have just all-around amazing
stats executors and in fact I think I
will do that to show you guys the power
of the executor so here's my Snorlax now
I'm not trying to catch all the Pokemon
in the game here so today let's see if I
can catch him I won't try too hard
there's my beautiful recorder solo
[Music]
you
that's why he's probably grumpy the old
man gave gave this kid a recorder and he
was like hey go annoy that go annoy the
Snorlax with it
uh that's just like I don't know hit
this guy problem with him and he's
actually hard to catch you know cuz he
uses rest if you get him too low and
amnesia yeah special the special greatly
Rises of course special attack and
defense are the same stat and Gen one
here so that's why he's so strong
against other psychic types actually I'm
right and I'm just using him for the one
hypno fight I forget what level Hypnose
are actually at um let's see if I can
punch him here yeah but the great you
can actually you catch it much easier
when you have ultra balls you can come
back and hit the other one because I
think if I use a great ball here he's
just gonna not care at all you really
need him to be asleep and really low
health unless sometimes you just get
lucky what's up there we go
Snorlax time oh look at this guy love
him
no Snorlax is a perfect name okay
alright so that's a save right there you
can get the item finder which I also
don't want and you need 30 Pokemon
I have 15 even really letting Professor
Oak down is the situation but I guess
I'm just gonna plow through here this
guy actually I remember him he actually
has electric type so yeah it's below
needs to go first I talked about that I
would be using a Magnemite instead of a
Jolteon at first I thought I was gonna
end up using an electrode I thought I
would catch one of the ones you know
that you um you talked to there the
pokeballs that you could talk to and
they attack cuz those are high this is
like level 40 electrodes and I figured
out look good just grab one that's a
high level already but again they do not
know or learn thundershock so when
you're powering them up from there you
know through a hundred swimmers on your
way it's useless
press these guys are all gonna be all
gonna be fishermen again so I think I
think we're burn burn burn zone already
shocker how many PP you got left you got
- you got three how many bridge Pokemon
she gonna have I bet she's got three oh
yeah I'm the man oh it's not even bird
Pokemon well I have no idea what I'm
talking about ignore me I'm realizing
that I forgot one very
important thing completely forgot to
fight Erica plant gym leader that's okay
though I think I'll get down to fuchsia
city first and I'll I'll get the flight
path and then I'll come back and fight
her real quick see now we're in vert so
there's a lot of bird trainers here for
a while and then some other various
normal pokémon that are useless see
battles like this where I'm just
fighting a bunch of low-level normal
Pokemon it's kind of a worthless thing
here you know it's like Stallone doesn't
need this extra XP right now but I guess
every little bit helps for later and I
gotta get through here anyway should
give a I should give this guy a name too
that's another actor what do you think
who's an actor that would let's see
maybe they're electric maybe they would
give the Shocker Thunder compute it
could be a thunder reference thunder
Thunderbolt Thunderbolt is like
Lightning McQueen was voiced by Owen
Wilson who looks almost exactly like
Jolteon look at what uh what's what's
the thing Owen Wilson always says this
famous for wow oh wow yeah yeah his
name's gonna be these names gonna be
Owen Wilson uh but first I gotta get
through here you guys just all of birds
you looks like a bunch of looks like a
bunch of bird keepers here
shocker trying to learn Thunder shock
that is perfect timing right there
I couldn't plan that better if I tried
because I just ran out of just ran out
of Thunderbolts now do not delete it man
of recaps ok we're good we're good
yeah there is your Thunderbolts but now
I got the under shock so we are good to
go we are in business
this guy what he doing yeah my bird
Pokemon should be ready for battle
not against Owen Wilson it's like he's
got the blond hair too he's yellow it's
kind of kind of long and wavy like that
oh my god I feel so good about this and
it's good for the cast of the
live-action movie we've got a couple
great stars in here now Stallone and
Keanu and now Owen Wilson joining in he
makes a nice addition to the team
alright what am i doing how do I get out
of here I'm so lost okay I'm done I'm
sorry done fighting new people I think I
have to fight a few here walk around I'm
screw you guys
Oh who's this guy oh my god
you're not even he doesn't even want to
fight me then why are you fighting me
bro
did you watch me just like coming down
this path just like I'm picturing it
here get my artist out here again do a
painting from this guy's point of view
this time he's standing over here with
his little sparrow
and he just sees in the distance like
these epic thunder clouds like rolling
in and just like dead
fried birds just like exploded all over
the place and like you can see like off
in the distance that it's like this
Jolteon like at the center of the
thunderstorm and he's just like this guy
is just quivering in fear that's how I
would do this I don't want to fight
anyone especially wild Pokemon but
luckily I got around here a quick Oh God
well he's another bird trainer luckily a
lot of these guys have normal types and
stuff that's why I didn't want to bother
with them oh don't Rio don't Rio's a
cool-looking Pokemon too
obviously I never use one cuz why I
literally don't know if they can learn
fly you know he's kind of an ostrich
thing those can't fly can a dodrio fly
someone who's watched the heat soon as
watched the animated series do they ever
address that someone in chat tell me
thanks and we're good um I literally do
not know what is up here it has been so
long what have you got for me
fifty kinds of Pokemon get you an
experience oh I have I'm gonna tell them
yes I'm gonna lie to them
uh-uh only 15 kinds of Pokemon well Yolo
oh look at those colors we are in
fuchsia city for now for sure oh my god
I can't even see anything this is crazy
let me get up to the old Pokemon Center
here so I can get the flight path first
things first I'm pretty sure I want to
go through the safari zone that way I
can get an execute and I may as well get
surf and strength then we'll go back to
sell it on cutting through all these
things is annoying as like what what if
you want to go to the Safari zone but
you don't know cut
so that's safari zone okay this I think
this patch of grass is where you're most
likely to find an execute like on the
screen there's one right there
bippity boppity boop now I I did a lot
of research once I'm like the best way
to safari zone you know you can on you
can bait to make them less likely to run
but harder to catch before you can rock
to make them easier to catch but more
likely to run or you just ball and it's
like a random chance the site that I
read that was a very in-depth
mathematical analysis said it's always
best almost to just throw balls because
uh you know you just you just gotta go
with the RNG and there it is caught
immediately no problem especially the
rare Pokemon if you get a kangaskhan or
a tauros or something if you throw one
rock at that point they're like
something like 95 percent likely to run
so basically you just have to throw a
ball and hope for the best there's also
two items you get here I do know that I
want this one here team 37 that's egg
bomb which is a useless move except for
if you're gonna use an executor hey
there's kinks gone what's up brah so
let's see if my strategy is correct I'll
just throw a ball nope not that time and
there she goes
yeah so it's like it didn't look like it
was effective but if I had thrown a rock
she would've ran immediately and if I
throw in a pokeball I wouldn't have been
able to catch it at all so I mean if I
throw a bait so pokeballs really your
only option here which makes catching
these rare Pokemon
extraordinarily frustrating if you are
trying to fill out your pokedex Oh
Chauncey time what's up Chauncey
oh my god you're so cute well you know
let's see if math is our friend math is
not right let's see if math is our
friend you know maybe with the Chauncey
maybe with the Chauncey you do actually
have to throw a rock first else we got
give me so give me some rare Pokemon
give me a Taurus over here okay I needed
one more item because obviously this guy
is gonna give me one right now how many
steps are I left yeah 142 so that's
that's the most efficient route here in
the mood and it is time to get hm3 which
is surf you know I'm not sure are you
allowed to quit the safari zone earth
when I dig out of here
let's try yeah well Yolo should he use
my last 16 steps maybe kinda maybe count
of tauros but I don't care so here we go
this is pretty exciting times let's do
some Pokemon team management uh salad
you are no longer needed thank you for
helping bubbles I'll need you duck
something okay there's these guys are
all good
give me execute I'll remember batfleck
give me execute we'll need to pawn some
of these items this is where you get
another go agent for I generally give
strength to Stallone first things first
we are going to lavender town we got to
change our nicknames on our guys here
let's get Jolteon going first the
Shocker isn't it that's a decent name
yeah I know we need we're doing an all
celebrity team here that's that's our
theme kind of by accident
this time Owen Wilson how many how many
characters can I use here I'm not gonna
count them ahead of time I'm just gonna
start typing and be sad if they don't
fit yeah Wilson
that's a better name than before I think
so let's look at you Owen Wilson oh wow
Wow so Wilson okay uh execute okay let's
see what you look like cuz your eggs
then you become a tree so what Scott
what's got like an egg tree okay I have
an idea
so eggs eat an egg Z was the name of the
main character in Kingsman the Secret
Service who was played by Taron Egerton
so I could name him
Taron Egerton well you know the
resemblance isn't as um isn't as good as
some of the others but we're rounding
out our cast for the live-action movie
with some stellar actors so I'm okay
with it overall I'm happy with it
so sell it on time all right before I do
anything else I want to get over to
saffron city here get rid of that fresh
water we can also go get the psychic TM
which is what we need
it's kind of weird at this part of the
game you get a choice to do things in
whatever order you want but what I'm
mostly here for right now is coming down
here to mr. psychics house what's up mr.
psychic okay so I can fly saffron city
now but I want to go sell it on time to
beat the plan Jim here's egg bomb so egg
bomb is a very strong normal type move
yeah power 100 accuracy 75 and his
psychic big times you guys probably
remember that psychic is extraordinarily
strong psychic type move only ten PP
though so that's the problem but it'll
be fine for our purposes anyway we got a
lot of good stuff now one more stop real
quick before we go to Erica's gym I want
to go up into the store here I want to
get a leaf stone and evolve my execute
right away if you want him to learn any
moves you know that's the only reason
you don't evolve someone with a stone
because they evolved form often doesn't
learn the moves but execute doesn't
learn anything good anyway so you may as
well just be an executor you know I'm
saying all right Taron Egerton let's of
all hey there you are he's much
better-looking in real life Oh Nelson
Stallone bubbles ducks Keanu and T
egerton all right we got nice you got a
nice
going on here that means it's time to go
take on Erica of the grass Jim
everyone's favorite Jim cuz it's full of
ladies as this guy points out this is
interesting because normally I would
have done this already just because
she's you know Jim for but I forgot
these girls all have grass pokemons
can tie one shot them with psychic yeah
here's what I'll do I'll kill ten of
them now kill the rest with with Kadabra
you know the really nice thing about
executors is that later on in a lot of
the gyms you'll be able to not have to
switch him out what I mean is like kogas
is poison so you and and psychic-type so
he's gonna get us both and Sabrina's gym
there's a lot of slowpokes and this guy
can learn mega drain take care of the
slowpokes and take care of the psychics
and the ghosts with his own psychic
attack such for good and then at the
ground gym spoiler alert Giovanni's gym
there's a lot of ground Pokemon sure but
a lot of them are typed poison and not
ground he can mega drain or psychic them
depending on what you want to do yes
this guy's like I said he's blowing
through his psychics real quick even
though he's up to 12 now from that PP up
that's what they call viagra in a
Pokemon land haha where's my drum
where's my snare drum snare drum so if
you come here with just Kadabra he'll
just psybeam everything like absolutely
no problem - and basically this is the
way the rest of this goes we just we
just psychic all these grass pokemon
I've thought it various times about
getting a fire pokemon you know to
actually actually help out here except
this gym and then that's it for the rest
of the game you don't fight any grass
pokemon you don't fight any any bug
pokemon or ice bugs one this is all
that's all that fire is good against so
basically fire is sadly not useful
throughout most of this game so yeah as
you can see grass pokemon are also
completely
shafted in this game by being all typed
poison and here we are ready ready for
the gym leader battle Erica she's a
silly one I'm picturing her like Luna
Lovegood you know from Harry Potter
oh man a fully evolved form what am I
gonna do
it's too bad Jia Yu is just going to
crush her let's see what's the oil
painting Oh what I didn't want shot or
oh god I'm really embarrassed it's you
definitely wanna come in with some heels
here because if they are able to
paralyze you they will act first and
they can rap you to death and they will
actually being poisoned if you're ever
coming through this gym with a different
strategy you're find yourself with a
Pokemon that's slower than them or never
mind it's just a good idea to get
poisoned that way you can not get
paralyzed you can only have one status
effect at a time now Tangela for a long
time I thought was the only grass
pokemon that was just type grass and not
type 2 poison but I think I was wrong I
think she is type 2.0 no I was right
okay so Tangela if you want to use a
grass pokemon tangle as the one to use
what am I am I being bound right now
okay
oh this is embarrassing but it's gonna
work out just fine
don't worry about it heyy yeah oil
painting on this one I don't know maybe
show me actually losing maybe show how
embarrassed I am with a poisoned and
bound Kadabra going up against this
Tangela that would be that would be fair
that would be what I deserve for making
outrageous incorrect claims or you could
just show Cadabra literally ripping
apart all these grass pokemon with his
mind and Erica just like screaming and
crying while my guy laughs maniacally in
the background so there we go I didn't
one shot them all but um you know
whatever is pretty good and got another
gym badge that's won't talk about here's
my mega dream yeah not not normally a
whole lot of use for mega drain but it
is really good for executors like I said
give them away to take care of slowpokes
slow bros and it also gives them a way
to take care of the rock pokémon really
easily how do I get out of this damn
place can I dig yeah okay no bust in
here and
and be destroy all their Pokemon and
then just have my my gravel er break
through the wall let's fly up to the top
of cycling road and we're gonna go cycle
I'm gonna go cycle it up here's the
other Snorlax um but because I already
caught one I'm just gonna make this guy
sort of just kind of run away from him
bye see you later let's see what's up
here I'm so all uh basically
fast-forward through a lot of this
because all of these pokemon are type
fighting or poison and so I'm gonna
psychic my way through all of all of the
road I think there's room for both for
the psychic pokémon in my team one of
them would be better against the ghosts
and one of them will be better against
other psychic types and against the
fighting Pokemon guys you can you can
focus on just one of the other and
they'll get by fine I think but yeah I
do remember the last time I completely
abandoned my Kadabra and I only used
executor to just like get him as high
level as possible and the ghosts in the
Elite Four were still faster than him
and would like confuse him and I was
really saddened by that
whoa hey I guess poison is super
effective against grass what is
happening I feel like an idiot ferrous
these guys should not be as much problem
that wheezing was just a pretty high
level and I guess sludge is a decently
powerful attack against against grass
type now something interesting is that
ground of course is good against poison
also so but say you were using only
executor and you're in Coca's gym and he
sends out a you know high-level wheezing
like that that would actually be super
effective against you that's when you
could use some gravel err and that's
pretty much the end I'll take this guy
now these guys are all bird trainers
while I'm here I figure I'll just soak
up some more xp for uh for Owen Wilson
okay there we go now back to the top of
cycling Road gonna go down the other way
real quick I need to start fighting all
these guys because I'm basically in the
final stretch here training for the
Elite Four is one way to think about it
this whole next section of the game is
gonna get my psychic pokémon up to speed
then I get to take Owen Wilson up to
speed but then again against the
swimmers then I get to get my water ice
Pokemon up to speed against Blaine and
boom then we're then we're a victory
Road you know
after that road I guess so now it's up
to saffron city now it's time to take
out silk oh let's get ourself all healed
up and ready to go
there'll be a lot of items we're picking
up so we got to do some PC work now I'm
also going to before I do anything else
actually Google what floor this stuff is
on okay maybe I'll edit that out and
pretend that I just knew this from
memory but maybe it's better if I don't
seem like I'm that much of a lunatic if
I see a scientist I'm gonna put out I'm
gonna put out Sloan first cuz if you see
the scientist they're likely to have
bolt orbs and stuff some Magnemite now
these guys may or may not have any
number of things but first things first
let me come over here and get killed get
the card key yeah so on the fifth floor
cuz I don't want to miss anything I'm
basically gonna just go back start from
floor one and now that I have the
keycard I'll just go in and make sure I
open everything on every floor you
hammered me whoa watch out there guy I'm
a kid well I use a couple psychics let
me just take a quick nap thanks girl
it's my girlfriend yes I could do some
fast forwarding and I think this is
earthquake TM 26 yeah for sure oh go
ahead and teach it to my guy right now
there's a quick and boom this is gonna
be Stallone's move set finalized any
case we're gonna go through the floors
here probably fast-forward through most
of this this can actually be the pretty
boring part of the game because at this
point you know it's not like these guys
pose any threat but it's just it takes
so long to just plow through and and
kill them all maybe I won't bother
raising them equally from this point
maybe I will just commit fully to to
execute her since I've decided to go
that route you know it'll be a good part
in the a good part of the live-action
movie Giotto is um you know the mentor
for this this new up-and-comer
Taron Egerton I think that we'll have
him die for some extra drama that way
executors can have this all this
motivation you know all this rage that
his mentor was was murdered a case I
made it back to the ninth floor here
which is good it means I've made it
through the entire building her
okay so a nice final rest with my
girlfriend that was a sex nap
in case anyone was was was worried we're
not a kid anymore we're an adult we've
grown a beard it's been like a long
journey so I'm taking these um these
warps right here because this is in fact
the one that brings me exactly where I
want to go boom okay
I only remember finding three rocket
brothers did we skip one I probably
fought them and just didn't even notice
uh so we've got our team all set we're
all uh pretty even levels now the ones
I'm using at least sorry bubbles let's
look at him one last time hey bubbles
there you are you're uh you've been
helpful and I'm gonna surf on you for a
bit so that'll be fun too here's Owen
Wilson haven't done anything in a little
while but he's going to come very handy
against this gear anos I'm actually so
glad I've incorporated him into the run
it's it's wonderful actually having
someone really reliable to handle the
gear dose and he's just as high level as
I would catch I'd catch a Magnemite
later so we're good
here's Dux you get to look at Dux hey
you're contributing you're contributing
the most
yeah I'm still doing good there's my
little my little uh Cadabra
I think his time is almost done though
he's gonna he's gonna be able to go into
retirement soon feel like I feel like
executor here Taron Egerton can handle
everything from here even the ghosts in
the Elite Four
the only problem actually you want to
watch out for his psychic you need at
least like 12 psychics to get through
the Elite Four so you better make sure
you bring neither or have at least a
couple PP ups on him and there's my boy
Stallone still doing good still our
carry been with us since the beginning I
mean he's still a man okay so he's gonna
go out first actually to take care of
take care of Pidgeot
you could of course send your you know
your electric pokemon against Pidgeot
but i feel like mmm
do-do-do-do-do yeah i love this music um
yeah I feel like the rock pokemons good
against Pitt yet cuz he can't hurt me at
all let's see how the rival fight goes
oh yeah keeping up with me in levels but
how do you like this rock slide who you
still no sand attack smart
unfortunately my rock slide is a lot
more accurate than rock throw was so
it's not gonna be a problem
goodbye let's see if I can one shot
every single pokemon on his team what do
you think you think I can do it here's
the Gyarados that's Alan Wilson's turn
carrados is always dangerous I feel like
he already knows hyper beam so luckily
I've got PI speed and this is gonna be
doubly super effective so shouldn't be a
problem there's the one shot okay two
for two if there's going to be a one
that I don't it's probably who growlithe
that's an interesting one so my water
pokemon is just this guy of course it
looks like Stallone's going back out
again though um because rock and ground
are super effective against fire which
one ash I use I'll use earthquake this
time yeah I'm a but I don't think embers
gonna hurt me very much sorry but you
did burn me though so that's something
alright three four three
here's Alakazam so this will be the
problem I really I'm really curious to
see how Stallone does so I'm gonna go
ahead and do a do a save state there and
and not switch pokemons I want to see
what happens here if I just try to
earthquake this out exam he's gonna sigh
be me how much is it gonna hurt
it's gonna hurt that much and I'm
confused and Bernie let's see okay
well I don't think I'm gonna have a
chance to see if I could have one shot
him so we're going to go back with our
original plan so that's why that's why
Sloan's just not super helpful again
studies psychic types you know that his
special defense is just too weak all
right prove your worth executor
he's now in Alakazam which makes him
pretty strong you will get to go first
but I think that I am a brick wall
yeah brick wall how much does egg bomb
actually heard him no I don't think I'll
be able to one shot him
oh so close why why
oh no egg bombs disabled right after I
picked it come on what do I kill me they
kill him a second could I kill him with
mega drain I really need another another
move from this guy
let's see another normal move I'll go
got something good
any case that takes care of the problem
no problem and he's my Venus or uh let's
see should I kill him with Taron Egerton
now this will be this will be one of
cadabra's last two Roz although actually
I wonder if psybeam is strong enough to
kill him Venus or does have good stats
let's find out
oh man okay well I wasn't even close
yeah I see that's another reason why I
executor is even better he's you know
not very effective against that either
so maybe we'll say that you know it'll
be better if my rival actually kills
Keanu this is where Keanu will die in
the live-action movie well we'll fudge
we'll fudge the details a bit and then
and then I Secutor can have a my boy
Taryn can have a real dramatic moment
he'll be like no Keanu and then he'll
have motivation to go on and and revenge
him avenging their Avengers all right
get out of here bum fart I don't need
you now do I want to get this lap Rast I
may as well see this is a problem
another thing I always see on the top
lists of best Pokemon I always see lap
brass and lap brass has fantastic stats
obviously but the thing is you get him
here this is the only lap price you can
get in the game and you get him a little
15 it's like what what am i what am I
supposed to do with that I'm supposed to
just like put him out in front and just
like manually level him up for for a
million years and it's tau
okay well it's Giovanni I thought who's
gonna have a chance to walk a little
closer first and set who I want to be
out front but we'll be fine
all right you have only what you got
bring it on I bet you got a bunch of
rock ground-type pokémon and then some
some little knee Torinos yeah well
Stallone normally I would well okay I'm
actually gonna switch I was gonna have
my executor take your entire team that's
what's really nice about executor is
that he can mega drain the rock types I
can get poisoned obviously it's super
effective against him so that's weak but
he can kill this guy no problem so let's
take him out
goodbye if I one-shot all of them I'll
never get hurt by poison and Stallone is
my first level 40 well enjoy that
Congrats okay anyway oh Kangaskhan well
nevermind I forgot about Kangaskhan
still oh and get out there I know you're
burned but you're made of rock you'll be
fine oh yeah see this is where I'm gonna
use a submission I think I can one-shot
him
let's find out cuz it's time fighting Oh
[Music]
I
what
why why are you not hurt more
maybe submission is a weak move and and
maybe it's cuz I don't know the stab
bonus cuz I'm not type fighting maybe
Kangas cons defense is just really
really good oh my god how good is Kangas
cons defense let me go Google real quick
yeah no it's just his just defense is
really good I didn't think it was gonna
be that good but I guess it is so I want
to send out a special person to use some
special attacks on him it's gonna be
this gonna be this guy luckily he's
gonna be dumb and he can't really hurt
me so he's just slowing me down I'll get
hit by some poison again okay whatever a
psychic I think is gonna be the winner
here I don't know if I can one-shot him
either but hopefully this deals a lot
more damage than okay yeah that's so
disregard what I did before and probably
teaching submission at all to grav lair
because that's the way to go okay so yes
hey let the executor solo his whole team
here that's back to the original plan
cuz now I could just mega drain myself
all that missing health I think I'll get
it back no problem even though mega
drains a relatively weak move just
against these rock and ground double
types it's just you know too effective
nice little level up for me here moving
right along
here's the noodle Queen oh boy look at
that little Queen pretty cool pretty
cool Pokemon what you don't want to do
is use Nitto King ended Oh Queen I mean
unless you're trying to copy Giovanni
but they're just you know they're
decently strong especially at the
beginning of the game if you wanted to
go that route but they're yeah they're
not really worth that their types are
bad and what are you gonna do goodbye so
there's Giovanni he lost again I've
destroyed Team Rocket talk to the
president here you got to get this I get
this little master ball so that's sylco
done now we get to go down and fight
Koga first time we go over here I'm
gonna hit the Mart I'm not gonna you hit
the Martin fuchsia City because
it's actually really far away from
pokecenter now it's time to fly
so as we learned on bicycle rode our
executor tip grass is actually weak
against poison so I don't really want to
be putting this guy against his
strongest stuff any any one of these
guys might have a drowsy or cadabra's
but let me fight this guy first cuz he's
useless let's see you beat my special
techniques it's like you guys don't have
that many techniques basically jugglers
they just swap out their pokemons which
does nothing helpful it just wastes a
turn of theirs so since this guy does
have drowsies we're putting out our
putting out our drowsy killer here oh so
close to a one-hit ko that would have
been that would have been excellent
Oh confusion and poison why just let me
hit you with an egg bomb I'm gonna be so
pissed if I'm confused but then I hit
but then I miss here we go oh it's
happened I knew it was gonna happen
I hate low accuracy moves so yeah there
it is that should have been a much
faster fight but you know sometimes
everything just goes wrong now here's
the real fight against our tough cookie
over here the cheating with the level 38
hip no let's we can take them out though
we've got we've got a power it up
executors now he knows egg bomb which
will not miss this time all I gotta do
is just hit him with it twice real quick
and he can't hurt me so it's no problemo
[Music]
boom take that with the egg bomb oh oh
that's just above 50% isn't it that's
alright I'll just get a critical hit
here two hits no problemo oh my god
it's okay look how much head butt does
see head but just like one shot it uh
Cadabra
but this oh come on you're missing with
mega drain okay
anyway taken care of no problem yeah
it's kind of ridiculously unfair that
the poisoned gym just like uses mostly
psychic pokémon I've said this before
I'll say it again I really wish that
poison wasn't just a better type I wish
it was like good against something you
know so yeah my plan is I'm just gonna
have a executor out front one shot all
these drowsies and stuff and then if he
puts out some sort of actual poison
Pokemon I'll switch in with Cadabra you
know what actually let me just show you
something here say you weren't you
didn't want to use executor say you
wanted to keep your psychic to teach
hunter cuz you're doing a catch them all
you know or you just didn't feel like it
this is how these battles would be going
[Music]
so decent he'll ever be recovering but
we'll be taking them out although it's
hard against the drowsies is this kind
of gonna put out one more drowsy yeah
okay let me just show you just just
we're doing some tests here seeing how
these things go
drowsies have much higher defense than
cadaver does but okay it looks like
we'll still basically to shot him and
they can't really hurt me too much only
that one high level hip no you know is
except I'm confused now
only that one high level hip know is
sort of has a strong enough attack to to
just destroy Keanu otherwise this should
work mm and it should be noted you can
straight up skip that guy in that first
hip no guy yeah look you can you can if
you walk down at the bottom of the
screen he's not gonna follow you all the
way down here so you can just you can
just walk around him I didn't do that
for pride if you want to simplify your
life you really don't need an executor
it's not mandatory but I think he's just
a lot better for killing all these guys
Plus Sabrina will have some good psychic
types to that you'll have to fight
through so alright here we are it's Koga
time actually no one has used a single
true poison Pokemon everyone's only I've
only fought our box and Sanj slashes and
drowsies and cadabra's so that's kind of
funny but this guy I'm pretty sure
doesn't have any of those psychic
pokémon I'm pretty sure he just has the
true-true poison types so I'll take him
out with my yacht
just for good measure destroys the
narrative of the live-action movie
though I guess if I key on his back to
life but we don't care much about that
do we
okay let me put psychic down there and
double-edged over there I just like to
have my things organized it makes me
happy
one down
I wonder why even had that copying on
his team just like this uninvolved
low-level coughing it's like maybe he
was just trying to get him some more
experience he's trying to get a second
wheezing okay there we go there's a one
shot on the muck muck is actually a
pokemon that I like a lot I think he's
really cool a nice blob monster but
obviously not great against much
unfortunately another low level
uninvolved coughing I don't know why you
bothered again but whatever yeah and
then this is his big wheezing so this
thing I think could actually hurt
execute or you would actually sludge but
I don't think he's gonna put up much of
a fight against you on him oh look how
strong is he actually survived only to
use toxic a move that requires a long a
prolonged slow battle to be any any good
I think I'll just finish him off here
well goodbye another gym leader defeated
I got it talk to the guys thought was a
cool move you know every turn it's a
stronger poison and so like I said if
you have a prolonged battle going on um
it can start doing some serious damage I
might teach it to two executors just for
fun I don't really have a fourth move I
need him to know now we're just gonna go
beat beat Sabrina this is time for the
fighting Jim first though I don't want
to get ahead of myself I feel like I'm
just gonna keep powering up executors at
this point and Keanu will sort of fall
by the wayside sorry could be a bruh so
the fighting dojo is always a fun place
because they're completely useless
they're not gonna do anything against my
my psychic types and by the way if you
are trying to catch them all you've got
yourself a nice little hunter for
caching purposes this is definitely a
great place to get him a bunch of XP
teach him psychic he can learn it or you
can always do hypnosis and Dream Eater
you can go get Dream Eater TM from that
one guy the only thing is is that it you
know
then requires two turns so you can't
one-shot these guys you got a two shot
them but the nice thing is none of them
can actually hit you with anything you
know you're sort of as a ghost you're
immune to punches so there's the
fighting dojo down
I hate these teleporters I played this
game like I said a million times but I'm
never I'm never actually sure how these
work so I read back in the day that you
just want to always go to the one above
or below the one you came out of and
that'll take you through all the
trainers and then straight to Sabrina
but I feel like I get lost every time
whatever here's it for my first psychic
I think he's gonna hit me immediately
with the slowpokes even though I'm gonna
be super effective here it's a weak
enough move and they have good enough
special defense I don't know if I
actually one shot him but I do yeah suck
it slowpoke took me this whole game but
I finally have a good way to deal with
you so yeah here's my first ghost
Pokemon and I think this is gonna go
pretty easy
yeah yeah goodbye goodbye ghosts Oh God
which one do I come from I came from the
top one well you got what do you got bro
you want to mess him from the tan from
the top this time oh well maybe Sabrina
you know what I always say screw it
don't really want to kill all these
other guys anyway um so Egerton was
probably my guy let's do it Sabrina when
I was a kid I always had a crush on
Sabrina out of all the gym leaders but I
forget what she looks like
oh yeah she's got the whip you know but
why does she have a whip
she whipping her psychic pokémon I feel
like why oh whatever I'm not gonna think
about it too hard I'm just gonna let's
just let's just keep going here yeah all
right mom time all right let's see if
she can hurt me not really but my
special fell so one thing one thing at a
time yeah okay so I love this the
cadavers go down easy because they are
defences solo mr. mime I I suspect it'll
be a similar thing here where it
survives it's just like a little bit of
Health it's gonna double slap me which
is clearly not gonna do any damage but
it will waste a lot of time so that was
one miss okay one egg bomb missed so far
let's see how it goes on the rest yeah
mr. mime just slap it away it's kind of
sad that these you know that's a good
move when you're your level you're a
level 12 Clefairy I'll finish him off
with mega drain I guess since I didn't
have to fight there's many slowpokes as
I as I thought I would
this guy's uh executors here definitely
my highest level now I think
venomoth I forgot she had a betta moth
there he is I was talking about him
earlier pretty cute yeah he said he's
type two poison so that's why that's why
venomoth is no problemo okay
and the Alakazam what are you gonna do
we're gonna recover good choice
oh that's the second miss two misses two
out of ten so far okay
now actually this could be an issue if I
don't deal enough so he can recover
through it but got a nice critical so
I'll just I'll just take that I'll just
take the win I'm shocked the loss is
lost yeah that's right Sabrina give me
the marsh badge I never knew why this
was called the marsh badge either and
Koga had the Seoul badge I always
thought they should have switched you
know cuz poison things live in the marsh
and you know psychic stuff sort of has a
strong mind or soul psywave man how many
of you as a kid tell your best psychic
pokémon psywave in fact replacing
psychic you thought you were gonna it
was gonna be better only to find out
that it was absolutely terrible
okay now I'm lost forever now I am lost
forever I came from over here right
again I definitely fought this girl so
this should take me here and this was
the very beginning okay whoo so
Sabrina's done oh I know exactly what I
want I'm gonna have to be swimming
through the water and you know it lives
in the water about a million tentacles
just goodbye 15 but in any case it's
time to go I've got my electric pokemon
ready I do want to in fact though all of
these routes because I want them to soak
up as much XP as possible this is
basically the only XP Jolteon is gonna
get for the rest of the game here until
until they leave for so this is this is
gonna be a nice nice
part where I just fight about a thousand
swimmers ok so before I get in the water
here when you use a max repel it's like
putting on sunscreen you know it's like
don't want to get stung by the jellyfish
and the first surf of the game bubbles
it's been a while since we've seen you
there you are being um super super
helpful man thanks for sticking around I
wonder who will get to play bubbles
picturing Zach Galifianakis so yeah
unfortunately this part of the game is
very mindless you just go through and
pound thundershock you can't see why
using a Voltorb with only thunderbolt
wouldn't work very well you would have
to fly back and and heal up your pee-pee
just constantly every every three bites
by the time we're done with this our
Jolteon will be our highest level
Pokemon I presume but that's like I said
that's good because he needs to be ready
for lorelei of the Elite Four ok made it
to the seafoam Islands here we go it's a
beautiful spot full of lots of water
Pokemon but like I said not really
catching them this time so we get to
just ignore it let's see I gotta come
from this side now yes time to it's time
to go back to Pallet Town you guys ready
continuing on with the same idea just
we're going down to the island this way
now what am I doing here so I'm riding
on the back of Wartortle who's really
not that big and I imagine Jolteon is
there too so we're sort of crafted on
top of this this Wartortle as Jolteon
destroys all these all these poor
fishermen and swimmers paint it the
artists thank you artists I really
appreciate everything that you've done
you guys are amazing
anyway made it here the tattoo Cinnabar
Island we're not done swimming yet
though we got this last stretch going
from here over to sea foam from the
other side so let's go ahead and and
heal up and we'll finish that off real
quick oh my goodness guys I think we did
it I think we made it to the end is
there one more straggler over here one
more straggler alright bro time to throw
down she's not even wearing a bathing
suit she's just kind of like swimming in
her clothes whatever she's here to Train
alright she's not here to swim just like
me
keoki that's it guys Congrats we're done
with the Jolteon killing swimmers
situation so that was actually pretty
boring for me you guys got to watch it
in in fast-forward but I just you know
you just pound the a button it's fine
first thing we're gonna do is actually
time to drop mr. bubbles goodbye
Wartortle thanks for surfing me around I
mean if you love last toys you can you
can keep him and then use him but I have
a different plan
anyway as you remember the gym is locked
so you can't go in till you go into the
to go into the mansion over here the old
burned out oh they call it pokémon
mansion but it really was like Pokemon
laboratory the first thing I'm doing is
catching a Pokemon here there's a
grabber that's not what we want though
what why is there why is there nothing
here normally it's like I run into the
Vermillion a million times another
grammar not what I'm looking for I think
this is gonna be the one we need hey
it's a pony duh what's up girl
level 34 perfect I think that's as high
as they come if I kill it I'm gonna be
real sad critical let's just pretend
that one didn't happen
hey yeah okay well what you gonna do
sometimes that's life anyway so I'm
gonna catch my pony to here unless it
breaks free okay no problemo fire horse
is not what I want fire pokemon of
course not super helpful for very much
as I've discussed before my psychic can
take care of grass better and my one of
my fighting bugs it'd be good for a nice
Pokemon jinx but it's like how could I
have no time to power it up I haven't
had time this whole game because fire
hasn't been super effective against
anything I've been fighting really
except the grass Jim and that wouldn't
bring me very far what I'm using this
Pony to for what do these people do
where's the guy that wants to trade a
Ponyta I guess it's this guy in the
corner I'm looking for Ponyta I want to
trade one for seal yes I do yeah seal
that's it that's the big mystery on who
my water /ice Pokemon is gonna be what's
up sailor that's his name
that's right I forgot you can't change
the name of your traded Pokemon but
that's okay if you want a nice type
there's only a few options you get
Lapras but of course the only lap press
you can get in the game is the one that
guy gives you in silk oh and he's level
15 so that's kind of useless and you can
go catch a shelter and cloister who I
love but you have to go you know catch
one
so seal is the one for us yeah so let's
grab my stuff and teach this guy some
good moves
sailor learned ice beam and sir so the
really nice thing about getting your
water Pokemon right now is that you can
straight go into a fire gym we can't go
to the gym yet though we got to go get
this key let's see if I have any idea
where I'm going I always just sort of
fumble my way through this one so I
thought fire pokemon trainers got
shafted too it's like they're what
they're burglars that those are the
people that love fire pokemon why that
doesn't make any sense
hey it's sailor what's up that's
actually too bad I was um I was
brainstorming last night about what I'm
gonna name my seal it's a couple of
options you know you go for the singer
kissed by a rose well I was thinking
about ice types first so I was think
about frozen you know you make her a
girl named her Elsa or something and
then if we go for the actress you try to
go for what ID no Menzel who played Elsa
but but then I was think about snow and
of course Jon Snow and of course Kit
Harington and I think kit is a beautiful
name for a seal and he would be a great
addition to our live-action movie too
you know he's gonna be looking for some
new projects now that Game of Thrones is
almost over so you got these switches
you got a press but I forget what order
you gotta press them actually the
strategy to get through here is to not
hit this switch
okay so eventually we have to fall down
here I think
let me try falling down right here then
and does this bring me out in - no it
just brings me into this room remember
I'm supposed to fall down the stairs and
I guess let me try falling down this one
okay yeah we're back on the first floor
but we're in the section we couldn't get
to so that's all you do you just you
just go you just fall down the left wide
hole find another scientist yeah that's
what I was saying there's not a lot of
fire pokemon in here actually you've
just got those two burglars maybe one
more a couple of scientists there's only
there's only like six guys in here total
whoa sailors evolving already hey it's a
dugong look at you I love him I think
he's so cute
can't little dugong and as you'll see
now he's in fact type 2 ice I was
nervous for a second that I was a huge
idiot
now her ice moves are gonna be stronger
team 14 pretty sure that one's Blizzard
so I can teach that straight-up to do
Gong right away I think she'll learn it
eventually and it's kind of uh I'm not
gonna use it anyway mostly because it's
less accurate than ice beam I've decided
it's a girl it's a girl sailor frozen
girl Adena
idina menzel okay I don't know we'll see
maybe if it's a musical we'll get her up
in here you know what I'm feeling it now
let's turn this V in this baby into a
musical but we're keeping Stallone and
Keanu and Owen Wilson none of them will
sing unless they can I don't know Keanu
can do anything I'm sure all right so we
get through here and relatively painless
made it through the pokémon mansion and
this is my cue to escape rope okay any
case we got the secret key we got some
how many potions do we have here do I
have a bunch of potions okay time for a
fire Jim you guys ready you can answer
these little quizzes and then skip the
trainer's but I do need all the XP I can
get but I'll do this first one just for
just for fun Caterpie evolves into
Butterfree see that's one of those trick
questions most of these are trick
questions cuz like yeah the way I would
definitely consider this a yes luckily
though I'm gonna fight this guy anyway
so these guys gonna send out some some
fire pokemon I've got a dugong now so
I'm much stronger my stats are better so
I can maybe almost one-shot this stuff
surf is a really powerful move it's
incredibly convenient that you know the
hm you can use as many times as you want
and on the water pokemon and it's very
strong it's a lot like fly flies are
really good flying move but I'm getting
some boosted experience I need more I
need more experience I want to grow
really fast here well I'm going through
it I'll talk about other options for a
water-ice pokemon again
you know Blastoise is fine I did use
cloister once it's got high defence
which is nice in case you get hyper
beamed but I think it's HP is really low
so it actually it didn't help as much Oh
also keep an eye on this you do only
have 15 serfs so right around this point
is when you're going to need to switch
um is ice not effective against fire or
is it averagely effective it is
averagely effective okay
this flamethrower will actually be
averagely effective against me - it says
not very effective because I'm type
water but because I'm also type by so
they actually do cancel out in terms of
the actual math anyway so I'll just plow
through this guy normally you want to go
back to the the poky center at this
point and take a quick breather
yeah I've just had a brilliant idea I'm
gonna actually bring a couple X speeds
with me into the battle his final
rapidash is just gonna be to uh fast and
he's too smart he will in fact just fire
whirl me to death I don't have any on me
right okay just a slight detour this is
gonna be real quick cuz I got my ducks
to fly me all over they sell these
things at UH at the big department store
and sell it on City that's where you can
stock up on these okay so we're back
we've got some PPE and we got some
EXPEED got some PCP and some speed
that's what I thought I just said okay
anyway here's Blaine Oh Blaine look at
you he always looks weird I never know
is he an alien does he have a mustache
or is he is he wearing glasses I think
he's wearing glasses obviously I won't
think about it too hard
[Music]
so since expeed stays on you for as long
as you know you don't switch out I'm
gonna use a couple right on his first
fight where he's unlikely to hurt me too
much how many X speeds do I need to do
you think I'm gonna say three is the
magic number
we're happy that is just pretty fast I
don't know X speed it raises it by quite
a bit I think why would he use super
potion how dumb is he okay anyway three
X speeds and we're good to go
we'll see we'll see if any of these guys
are faster than me then I'll know to uh
then I'll know to switch so artists gets
you get your rendition the Renaissance
oil painting of this gym battle we've
got our nice little sailor who is like
moving super fast now my sailor is just
like on speed yeah definitely going
before the first rapidash that's the
dangerous one I think I don't think
arcanine knows uh it was fire spin okay
so there she goes couldn't quite finish
her in one hit
but because I'm faster now I'll be able
to go first once it ends and there it is
the tornado of fire but I'm too fast too
fast
dugong does not look like a fast pokemon
unless it's underwater
I guess anyway here's arcanine pretty
cool Pokemon I always loved arc 9 but
well you know
ooh super potion I wonder if it will do
anything it's gonna get one more attack
off will it do something useful it's
gonna Ember me yeah I don't yeah oh well
okay not bad not bad for a an ember yes
that's the weakness of water pokemon
actually in their type 2 ice boom all
right so I'm level 40 that's pretty good
we'll need to level up a bit more before
the Elite Four but there will be some
guys along the way Fire Blast Fire Blast
is very exciting it's a strong move
again it's only 5 PP and it's low
accuracy so 7 Jim's we're on a roll here
I'm going to go straight up to number 8
there's nothing else to do in between we
got Saylor we got Keanu Owen Wilson
ducks
Taron Egerton and Stallone this is a
nice team this is my final team by the
way here we go our final form and if you
really want to be cool you can drop one
of you could drop one of these you drop
Keano
and just keep tearing here but keep them
around for fun oh boy oh boy this is
that gym where where executor is
actually strong against everything
although to be honest I might he's
already a decently high level I might
try to put out sailor on a few of the
ground types you know get that get some
extra HP on him I'll keep sailor out
first although a lot of these guys don't
actually have ground-type pokémon like
look I bet this guy has a fighting type
I bet this guy has man you know I'm just
gonna put executors out first and I'll
switch over to sailor if it's convenient
that's what I'll do I'll fight this guy
first what's he got ooh nice little
Rhyhorn there he is um so yeah I could
mega drain it but I think I will
actually switch over to sailor just for
fun just get the X be what else we got
what else we got what's this guy doing
I'm the karate King oh boy glad to meet
you your highness
see ya some good guys here they favor
ground-types but some of them are
fighting some of them have poisoned and
only only a handful of them actually
will throw anything ground-type at you
so there he is look at that rarest
pokemon in the game two toss-up between
a few of the rare ones but I would say
he's probably he's probably the rarest
what do you think Taurus makes a lot of
vests team lists because he's um he's
got like the 10th highest stats in the
game you know ten highest stat average
let me try fighting on it though he's
just type normal I guess that's the
other thing that makes him good he's
type normal
and he's got high stats so it's like you
know you put him out against basically
anything oh I just couldn't one shot him
us too bad the problem with actually
using tauros of course is that he's so
dang rare like I'm not about to walk
around the safari zone for a million
years waiting to run into a Toros only
for him to then run away immediately oh
good so yeah that's why Toros is not
anywhere near my top ten list anyway
it's time for Giovanni oh by the way for
haha this is my hideout this is Giovanni
Fletcher resurrect Team Rocket right
here but I caught him again once more
you shall face Giovanni the greatest
trainer if you're really the greatest
trainer man why aren't you I don't know
in the Elite Four
I guess because you've chosen a life of
crime that's fair yeah okay we'll start
with the Rhyhorn should be able to take
you down no problem gonna surf that'll
be nice I guess that's what though it's
the way I would do it I would I would
solo the gym with executors except of
course that want Toros I don't maybe
executors could just like it came to
death to probably and then switch to
sailor for Giovanni that's the most
efficient way to do it
Oh got a Dugtrio now didn't have didn't
have one of those before this guy's been
all over guards special well that
actually might help him here survive but
I think it won't help him too much oh no
now he's dead he dead what else you got
new no Queen oh boy
hey what's up nidoqueen um you are type
ground though so I'm gonna surf you to
death sorry about that
what would it use on me like what's its
ultimate attack body slam come on he
actually gets to use it let's see now no
just another guard special hit you with
a headbutt just to you know show you
who's boss yeah suck it
painters get your painting ready sailor
head-butting Nidoqueen might be a good
one - gym leaders in a row sailor gets
to go it's okay I guess executor had a
bunch
there's Nidoking you know Kings a little
more exciting to me but I think it's
ultimate move is gonna be maybe horn
drilled and it's not gonna get a chance
goodbye goodbye lowered events and
here's right on hey look at that
right on I love right on anti Oren I
love rhinoceroses um but unfortunately
as strong as they are they're not good
against water his DS specialists
absurdly low so there he goes goodbye I
got the earth badge that means all eight
badges are mine the ultimate power and
now TM 27 which of course is Fisher
takeout Pokemon with just one hit ooh
here's a nice little Easter egg if you
talk to him again having lost I cannot
face my underlings Team Rocket is
finished forever I'll dedicate my life
to the study of Pokemon let us meet
again someday farewell and he disappears
so that's good if you don't talk to him
he just I don't know I guess continue
standing there for forever time to get
back to the Pokemon Center heal up and
then it will be time to take on Victory
Road dimma dude dip deep do that that
dude I'm going to have a rival fight
right here do not forget about your
rival fight yeah oh okay good rival
fight should be a relatively easy one
it's kind of flabbergasting how much
stronger he gets
between here and then when he's the
Pokemon League champion like he's just
one step ahead of me basically as we're
going through Victory Road but whatever
anyway take out Pidgeot goodbye birdie
what oh my goodness yeah I can see is a
higher level than than me but that's
okay because my type advantages are too
strong to overcome what else you got you
got a Rhyhorn I forget I was forgetting
that's the one he's got uh yeah I'll use
I'll use sailor on that one for sure I
just took down just took down Giovanni's
right on you think your Rhyhorn is gonna
be a problem for me your dos here we go
Gyarados of course no longer any issue
hold Wilson's uh maybe my highest level
right now so time to get rekt you could
go to the power plant get the Thunder TM
if you want but like I've said before
Thunderbolt is um basically we'll also
one hit everything and it's more
accurate thunder will will miss like two
out of the 10 times growlithe who goes
against growl it would do Stallone or
sailor both equally good someone's got
to double up I've only got I've only got
five pokemons cuz Ducks doesn't count
and really if you think about it I've
only got four Pokemon cuz not really
using Kadabra anymore so uh yeah I guess
we'll have to double ups anyway there
goes growlithe and here's the Alakazam
let's go ahead and bust out Taron
Egerton let's see how he does here
should be pretty good he's a higher
level than me but I think I've still got
just the general advantage on this yeah
he's gonna recover that's gonna fail cuz
you have full health idiot I just need
to do more damage than he can recover by
a significant margin luckily he's gonna
not try to recover anyway hopefully my
egg bomb doesn't miss nope we're good
we're good yeah there you go
get out of here and venusaur I'll keep
my keep my guy in here go ahead and
psychic him up oh you go you gonna
poison me
you gonna poison powder me
if I were him I would have erased poison
powder probably 30 levels ago but I
guess I guess he just doesn't have any
better options what else what else you
got you've got one more move what are
you gonna use Razor Leaf okay
it's a strong grass move actually but of
course not really helpful against
executor so that'll be a rival fight if
Bulbasaur and venusaur wasn't type 2
poison I don't know who I would use
exactly I would have to kind of rethink
my entire team might have to get a fire
pokemon going and find out sort of the
best and easiest way to level one up
couple options I guess I would catch one
in the mansion you guys from twitch
plays Pokemon remember this ledge the
ledge of death that took about three
days if I recall okay and we're going
through what's up bro he have got the
boulder badge you know it it's kind of
funny that this place becomes such a
winding road I really thought that it
was just gonna be like I don't know like
one long hallway it's also so dumb
because like why would I want to just
say I just have the boulder badge and I
can make it this far
like what's the what's the point what's
the point of that I feel like they
should just have one guy at the very end
checking all your badges unless there's
useful stuff in the middle actually you
know what there is you can't catch some
Pokemon if I were to try to come up with
alternate strategies that I haven't
thought about yet they would involve
beating Erica and then and then I guess
fishing in this water I don't know which
why you would want a water pokemon that
early not super useful the stuff you can
catch there by the way I'm pretty sure
you can catch slow bros if you can get a
slowpoke - low bro it about blowing good
executor then you could use one of those
instead of executor potentially give me
one second I think what else lives here
like Fieros yeah fearo's okay so what
level are they thirty-eight outside it's
interesting they're basically up to
speed with me right now in any case it's
Victory Road did I use a max or Appel
yet there we go max repelled but I
instantly run into a Pokemon what kind
of high level Pokemon is this it's a
marowak well that's kind of cool maybe I
should put a higher-level Pokemon out
front so yeah these puzzles are very
simple you just push the rock
yeah the only thing you gotta make sure
is that you don't get yourself caught in
a position where it's against a wall
that you can't push it in the direction
you want but I think in all my years of
playing this even as a kid I have never
ever messed it up so if I'm ever going
to it'll be this time while I'm not
paying close attention you get to a
really interesting point here you have
to pick one of these one of them is sky
attack TM sky attack is the ultimate
flying move and ducks can't even learn
it that's how ultimate it is that's
hilarious
oh that's just a wreck and I'll take the
wreck and of course if you want you just
you know exit the room and come back and
you can get both but um what do you what
does this girl have girls like cats so
maybe she has a meow I wonder if you're
good enough for me hello sounds like
we're on a date yeah it was absolutely
right she's gotten me out okay we're on
the next floor um why go here damn how I
so lost so yeah there's mulch is what's
up girl how you doing I'm gonna stand
right in your face but I'm not gonna
press a because then I'd have to fight
you we got to go up we got to get a rock
then we push it back down that's this
that's a plan uh where am I going gonna
be this chick what's up what you got
girl okay good so here's where we push
that down the hole oh yeah it's just
slamming into this thing with my bicycle
I would definitely snag on a rock and
trip and scrape my knees and that is the
end of Victory Road boom okay now even
though the bike is faster yeah we need
music alright for the epic music time
for feel before I said this was dumb
it's like wait how I've already made it
this far you're gonna make me go through
some maze of statues I actually don't
know where I'm going okay oh my god oh
Jesus
this is the dumbest part of the game
right here just give me a nice row of
statues the whole way up to make it
impressive of it whoa indigo plateau
plateau is indigo yes indeed okay let's
let's deposit actually I've decided we
are gonna go get thunder it'll be a nice
easy pickup for all you guys have been
watching here I'm gonna do a thing for
people just joining us so here you go
hey hey welcome to the Manor recaps
pokemon blue optimal strategy run if
you're just joining us we've made it to
indigo plateau and you've skipped a lot
of fun times but I know how it goes
sometimes so I'm gonna show you the
elite 4 let me put them in the order
that I'm gonna use them basically well
I'll just start up here we've got Owen
Wilson the Jolteon he's gonna take care
of Lorelei there is he's got some good
moves we'll go through him as we go
alright next guy Taron Egerton of course
our execute or he is our psychic shield
he's gonna help take down Alakazam and
also just you know cut through all of
the the second two elite force
single-handedly basically we do have
down here we do have a Cadabra Cadabra
keanu got us through the whole mid game
very effectively go watch that it's a
great time mr. Stallone here he's a nice
grab ler of course it's cuz he's Rocky
so he's Stallone we're not gonna use him
too much but he'll be hanging around
I'll use them a bit and sailor is our
other main elite for our Dewgong type
two ice so she is going to be taking
down the Dragons when we get there and
of course last but not least is our
level 14 Farfetch'd Dux has only seen
combat the once I think but when I put
him out by accident but but he has been
very invaluable for flying and cutting
so there you go the perfect gentleman
team if that's all you wanted out of
this there you go you may as well watch
me fight the elite for now though it's
it's about to happen right now make sure
you've got your Jolteon out front there
there there he is
Wow and here we go this is Lorelai first
of the Elite Four she claims to be a
nice tight which is a good move but of
course in Gen 1 here all the ice types
are water except for jinx jinx is gonna
be your our biggest not a challenge but
biggest question here of what to do
so there's dugong first and so yeah we
are a bit under leveled relative to you
know the Elite Four but that's fine
because we're gonna destroy them so like
I said Thunderbolt will actually I won't
be able to one-shot her
but thunder is more likely to miss I
feel like you just go through so there
you go there to miss well that's what I
get I feel like you just go for the
thunders though and that way you're even
if it misses it's a two shot anyway so
nothing lost
if you oh wow I am embarrassed Thunder
did not take it down in one hit of
course there's not a whole lot this
guy's gonna do to hurt me so it's not a
big deal that's kind of unfortunate
though I will need I do need some health
to actually beat lap brass there's no
way I can lunch out Lapras and they're
likely to use hydro pump or Blizzard
which can do a bunch of damage and I
will not change Pokemon it's okay
Thunderbolt Cloisters got weaker special
defense here and less or less HP one at
one of the two so Thunderbolt actually
solos him
I got a crit but it was gonna who's
gonna one shot him anyway trust me
here's slow bro
Slowbro is not a big problem I'll just
Thunder again we'll see if I can
actually one-shot him here okay yeah
good so that's why you know sometimes
it's better to just use Thunderbolt
it's almost 100% accuracy basically so
you're basically guaranteed to 2-shot
instead of thunder where you might miss
twice or might not much anyway so here's
jinx the best thing to put out here you
actually want to do your sailor there's
just not a lot that jinx is gonna do to
hurt you do Gong here she's basically
gonna use double slap which doesn't hurt
at all or maybe thrash this gives you a
good opportunity to to go ahead and heal
your Jolteon he's only missing a few HP
I got a few super potions left just for
such an occasion because like I said
against Lapras you cannot one-shot it
unless maybe you create with the Thunder
so you want some HP um headbutt here
like I said before this is just my
strongest physical attack that I know
paralyze come on look it's it's not the
best but like I said there's no way
she's gonna beat me if I get in a really
dire situation I'll have to use a hyper
potion and that's not a big deal there
you go yeah yeah I guess the best thing
to do you want to save double-edged for
for your new Gong just for this
situation just so you can crush her even
better double-edged might actually
one-shot her it's a it's a very strong
move you know skull bash - that might be
a fun way to go normally I don't like
the moves where you have to UM you know
charge up for a turn but against jinx
here that can't hurt me there's no no
problem with it
and we're back to Lapras send out our
Jolteon go oh and Wilson painters if you
guys have been following along
we're having our artists paint
Renaissance style oil paintings of my
gym battles we may as well do the whole
Elite Four here it's not a very
interesting one as far as they go it's
basically Jolteon using he's using
thunder on these guys and they are just
getting completely wrecked he's gonna
get one move let's see what Lapras is
gonna do
yeah hydro pump most AI and the game are
dumb
but the Elite Four and other some of the
gym leader
they are actually pretty smart they will
use their strong moves definitely using
see look that it does about half my HP
on a critical hit does even more so if
you are missing some health you are in
trouble here so that's why switching out
is a good idea on that jinx and healing
definitely using Thunderbolt I don't
want her to get another turn because I
I'm not gonna do this math exactly but I
feel like it might kill me it might
bleep might leave me with three hell she
hydro pumps again but I might also kill
me so there we go up to level 50 Jolteon
is the man and elite for number one done
you're better than I thought
go on ahead so I double talk to her
classic classic um Bruno here is a fun
guy I'm just gonna heal up cuz I got a
bunch of potions do I have a bunch of
potions jeez my rare candies so this guy
as you may or may not remember he's got
some fighting types as well as some
onix's luckily luckily executors strong
against all of that so he is really not
a problem we will grind you down with us
imperial power will get in the
live-action movie of this we've got a
lot of a you know all the actors on my
Pokemon team you can see already but
we'll get Arnold to do a cameo and play
Bruno here it'll be an exciting moment
at the end yeah look at this when he
puts out an onyx you can just use mega
drain mega drain is a relatively weak
attack but yeah when it's double super
effective his special so bad my special
so good it's gonna be fine Hitmonchan oh
god this poor poor Bruno he thinks he's
so good but like all you need is a
psychic pokémon and a water pokemon or
one of both the executor here
and all these guys are going down in in
one hit I'm pretty sure you could you
could paint this one too or draw we
don't need an oil painting we could just
do a drawing and this one this one you
can actually paint in Microsoft Paint
that might do it justice because all it
is is his uh I'm picturing his fighting
pokémon like surrounding me and then
executor just standing in the middle
with like a dumb look on his face cuz
he's kind of got that dumb like egg face
and just like his I just like smashing
them around with uh with his psychic
powers slamming them into walls neonics
is just like eating the onix's at the
same time he's like latched on to them
just sucking their life force away
I don't know how intense this has to be
hope you here's my champ or Matt mah
champ much ham anyway uh he's a pretty
high-level here look at that almost
almost ten levels above me nine to be
exact so he might survive but he does
not poor Machamp and poor bruno uh poor
Arnold getting this cameo and then being
you know just a total total pushover so
here we go though Agatha ghost-type um I
don't think I even need to heal I did
not get hit a single time executors
staying out front I was gonna at one
point I was gonna raise executor and
Cadabra equally you know so that Cadabra
would be good enough for this fight but
really that would have just made
executor too low you sort of do have to
pick one towards the end of the game and
I think this is gonna be fine let's see
how this goes Gengar
[Music]
oh boy so yeah a couple levels ahead of
me here he's gonna go first he's gonna
use Dream Eater though not even hypnosis
so that's totally useless I guess not
all of the elite for our master
strategist I got a critical hit I'm
actually curious if I would've would
have one shot it you know these ghosts
unlike the fighting types these ghosts
have very high special with special
defense so they could survive a lot
better but my specials really high to
look at that so pretty good here's a
goal back I'm not gonna change Pokemon
gold back could use something that's
super effective against me he actually
might use huh what if he uses leech life
that's double super effective though
it's a weak move if he uses a wing
attack that's super effective I was what
I was considering doing is using some of
these X speeds but I don't know if I'm
gonna do that or now if I'm gonna try to
do that on our balk I meant also use
confusion so that would be annoying let
me just try to kill it
Heys I literally don't know what that
does all status changes are eliminated
oh yeah that's it's actually uh that
would have eliminated my X speeds so
yeah definitely not the Pokemon to use X
speed on I wonder if the best one to do
it would have just been the very first
the very first Gengar feel like there's
a Haunter coming up I'm gonna use on him
or I'm gonna use it on on turn ya think
she has an R bak let me see I'm just
gonna kill this guy
ya see this is the problem he can use
confused ray it's pretty annoying but
honestly it's not gonna be too big of a
problem because yeah she's sort of
refusing to hurt me she can let me hurt
myself but you know Yolo can't put me to
sleep it's really annoying to
you know what I'm gonna use this
opportunity to use a bunch of X feeds on
myself while I'm asleep
[Music]
dippity-doo buddy do okay now arbok yeah
X yeah arbok is definitely a good time
to use the X beads cuz I don't think he
can do anything really is there anybody
gonna do screech think he can rap me he
still knows rap but that will be to
bigger problem what did I just use three
I got four left that should be enough
that should be enough where's my where's
my full heal now let me just let me just
cure this sleep
[Music]
whoa
critical hit on your bite good job kid
oh why it's still faster than me okay I
mean he's another EXPEED not about to
let that happen
acid is of course very dangerous it is
actually and I'm still confused that's
awkward I could have killed myself right
there I would have been very embarrassed
okay well I was hoping to heal on our
buck I forgot he can hurt me yeah that's
the problem with the executor to
actually weak against poison but I'm
generally not phased and I'm gonna hyper
potion myself back up does 200 HP so
executors getting close to that limit
but
all right another confused ray let me
use this other X speed I feel like
Gengar is even faster than Arabic and I
definitely want to go first because I
don't want to be confused and asleep
anymore yeah okay see that's the other
thing is that hypnosis and confuse ray
have a really pretty good chance of just
failing so in a perfect world you get
through this with no problems and yeah
there we go
[Music]
see now I get to go first and I think I
can one-shot him what do you think oh
not quite what are you gonna do woo
nightshade another one of those moves
that does a set amount of damage it does
exactly the level you are so that's kind
of dumb when you're a level 24 ghastly
but when you're a level 60 yang gar that
was a chunk of my HP unfortunately
that's that's all she got and and she
going down boom so number odd double
talk to our Tenten classic um number
three done I already forgot that I beat
Bruno so there's that not that I'm
conserving my potions here I've got
plenty but um now here's a little thing
I always remember before you go to see
Lance you want to put your your dragon
killer out front because you might fight
you immediately I kind of forget but
don't forget that he starts with a
Gyarados I always always do that and the
thing is if you try to say you have out
your guy here and you're like oh shoot
let me switch into Jolteon he will hyper
beam you and one-shot you so much watch
out for that but yeah you walk down this
whole hallway automatically here this is
my hands are off the keyboard
look at this hands-free I'm taking a
drink of my Coke Zero
okay never mind though you do get a
chance to make sure that you're all good
here so we're all good
I'm gonna do uh do my freeze-frame here
just in case these dragons should be
pretty easy because they are so weak
against ice I always love that Lance
just straight-up wears a cape though
like no one else in this world wears a
cape if you know what I mean Lance must
be just like a huge nerd in real life um
and that's kind of funny he's got
awesome hair though to be honest that's
that's kind of what I look like as much
as any of the Elite Four so here's the
Gyarados Gyarados I guess it's gr DOS
guy alright gr DOS I always skip that eh
okay I'm not gonna use a thunder because
like I said if I miss he will hyper beam
me and kill me luckily he is a type 2
flying apparently gearhead of carrados
can fly so this will be double super
effective and my speed is very good all
the electric pokemon are so I get to
just one shot him right here bing bang
boom get out of my face he's got a
little special defense to cuz special
all right now dragon air now it is time
for dugong to actually prove her worth
so far she hasn't done too much she
helped me get through the fire Jim but I
definitely didn't need her help for that
but she soaked up all the XP because
this is what I need I'll put surf up top
and then then I I'm sort of just this is
my thing I kind of like having these
moves in an order that makes sense to me
let me see so let's find out real quick
how much ice beam actually does so the
reason I'm using to do Gong here oh it
does in fact one shot the dragon air is
even at this level using the dugong
instead of just continuing with my
Blastoise i started with the squirtle of
course um because she is type 2 ice and
that gives me the stab bonus the same
type attack bonus so it's the ice moves
here are actually much stronger than
they would be if it was a blast oh he's
using them you know a lot of you
remember probably beating lance with
your Blastoise an ice beam but it
doesn't matter if you you know if you're
high level but because I didn't fight
any wild Pokemon there's kind of useless
I feel like it's good type Aerodactyl
here is not type dragon he is type rock
and flying of course again ice is very
good against both of those Aerodactyl
speed those huge so watch out for the
hyper beam I'm about to take luckily
yeah it's only about half HP
um this is gonna be a problem though
because if Dragonite survives and also
hyper beams I will die and I don't have
another chance here to heal so I'm gonna
Blizzard and hope that oh actually I
have a D I have a couple ideas and I'm
gonna do a freeze-frame here I'm gonna
shift f1 oh is that the same one I did
before whatever it's fine I'm gonna win
this there's a couple different options
here let's see what happens if I just
straight-up use an ice beam he uses
agility well that wasn't helpful let's
see if I can actually one-shot I see
Dragonite though he's stronger is in
fact type 2 flying so it's doubly
effective I didn't get a crit okay it
though let's check out some other
options what if I Blizzard instead he
still wants to agility I wonder why
they're set to use um I don't know you
should probably just hyper beam me so
Blizzard has a decent chance to miss but
it's almost definitely gonna one shot
him I also got a critical hit why am I
getting so many critical hits the other
thing I might do here if I was
legitimately scared say I didn't have
freeze frames I was playing on my old
gameboy color I would use a hyper potion
right now because a worst-case scenario
this Dragonite uses his hyper beam he
wants to use slam for some reason that's
not helpful but if he did use hyper beam
it wouldn't kill me from full health and
then he would have to recharge the next
turn so I would definitely have an
opportunity to kill him here there it is
no critical hit but blizzard kills him
so long story short even though it can
get a little hairy there because
Aerodactyl gets to go first and I per
beam you you're gonna win a worst case
scenario you put out ducks and use your
turn to heal dugong and then let ducks
sort of be a sacrifice play by the way
that's that's always a strategy and
that's another reason why you sort of
bring ducks with you just in case but my
dragons lost that is all for elite fours
done and now it is only bum far to my
rival what a douchebag
him literally on my way here you know I
think he must have he must have been
like I blew through a victory around
pretty fast he must have been one step
ahead of me all right let's check our
Pokemon here we have mostly a lot of
health but we'll heal everyone to full
because Yolo okay I got a make sure that
you put out who you want first he oh he
starts with Paige yet so I go first
alone you can also you can also just let
Owen Wilson ride of course but we'll see
how this goes there's a couple things I
want to show you about this fight bum
farts hey he's talking like he's been
Pokemon champ for years already but he
must have gotten here I'm talking like
five minutes at baby less like three
seconds oh well here we go the ultimate
showdown the rival fight red versus blue
or in this case a recap man first bump
fart I like this music - they got to
listen to ya
Britney intense so obviously Rock Slyde
gonna be real good
see I like like using Stallone ear I
love my gravel err he got us through the
whole beginning of the game and the
whole midsection there he was teaming up
with our our Kadabra kion oh those two
or the duo but you know they're at the
end of the game there wasn't as much use
for him it was mostly the executor show
to be honest except for fighting all the
swimmers so here's how exam this is why
we use an executor in the first place
because you know Alakazam no I'm not
scared of any of my rivals other Pokemon
I can handle them all really easily it's
just this guy that can cause a big
problem of course one thing to do if you
have a Kadabra you could try to use him
against him you want to use psychic
against psychic because you know that's
a good block he's not effective against
you but Kadabra is just not strong
enough he can Alex Sam can recover right
through however much damage you're gonna
do I do want to use a egg bomb here this
is my strongest move see here's the
thing this is why executors good he just
he just can't hurt me yeah yeah okay
it's not not a problem let's see how
strong Edgar bomb is though
this is the moment of truth because it
needs to be significantly stronger than
his recover and I'm a little nervous
that it's not if it's gonna be awkward
especially because egg bombs uh accuracy
is pretty bad so he's good we're gonna
sit here in this recover battle and if I
miss then I'm like I've lost all the a
little bit that I've gained I'm
embarrassed I really thought this was
gonna go better
what do you toxic on see I guess this is
why tech toxic could be useful it's
gonna get stronger and stronger as we go
so who knows I taught this to him as a
joke yeah actually toxic is really kind
of effective against Amir it's getting
quite strong let's see if I can actually
hit with this egg bombing and finish
this madness Wow
toxic he gets really strong new plan
tops it from the beginning I had no idea
that was gonna be so effective and there
we go so ignore the part in the middle
where I was concerned that my entire
life was a waste because I am the man I
am the Pokemon master he's got a ride on
here you could put out your seal if you
want I'm gonna go ahead since I'm
missing some HP I'm just gonna mega
drain him again he's got ten levels on
me but I think since this is double
effective and his special is so weak
there we go no problemo
if anyone paints the Renaissance oil
painting of this battle it is um one of
me looking extraordinarily nervous as my
executor is failing to kill a pal exam
he's got a Gyarados - I always forget
but Owen Wilson can handle that no
problem a hyper beam would definitely
hurt me but I think that I go first yeah
my electric speed is so so much faster
than him yeah there you go 11 levels
ahead but one shot at goodbye and what
else we got Arcanine arcanine totally
useless I could put out Stallone again
but he's a low-level and he already had
his moment in the Sun and Saylor hasn't
done anything so Dewgong you got to get
your moment in the fight there you go
taking down arc and I now I'm twelve
levels below but surf is probably not
gonna one-shot him to be honest he's a
little bit too strong for that
a little bit too much of a higher level
but it will - shot him can almost
guarantee it
[Music]
yep yep and of course again he can't he
can't hurt me what's he gonna do nothing
but you know surfed suck at arcanine a
bunch of XP that I don't need cuz
there's only one pokémon left the penis
or penis is good I could put out yeah
Kioto here and you know let him moment
in the Sun but we were talking before in
the live-action movie he died earlier
and that's why I switched so well we'll
keep this for the movie sake it'll be
the final showdown between grass types
who would have thought of course the big
thing is me and asuras type to poison
and I know psychic so oh no don't solar
beam me he can't he cannot hurt me and I
can not one shot of my guess 14 levels
add is finally too much
interesting note make sure you did get
that PP up that I got back there or go
up find where the other ones are so you
have enough psychics to make it through
the Elite Four because um otherwise this
would be awkward I would have been would
have been out right now I also would
have been out of egg bombs and it's just
like her what do I do I would have had
to put a key on him as it is he's gonna
solar beam me let's see uh let's see
what he can do his final attack his
ultimate attack Oz it's not bad it's not
bad with a crit but um no I think I take
you down take it down Taron Egerton MVP
there it is so there's the Elite Four
Congrats congrats to all of you for
watching it's not over yet I'm gonna
celebrate as I as I watch my Pokemon be
inducted into the Hall of Fame
so all those videos out there that say
this is the the best Ultimate Team for
Gen one Pokemon and they're they're
throwing out things like tauros and
Dragonite nah this is the ultimate team
still owned the gravel err super weak
level but he got us through the whole
game and was just a good guy to have
around Taron Egerton the executor you
know he came in late but was MVP through
all those those middle gyms there Owen
Wilson the Jolteon so clutch great
apparently take out the rivals Gyarados
and then he's good all the rest of the
way
sailor the dugong trade for that one guy
there on Cinnabar Island type two ice so
he destroys dragons
there's our Kadabra keanu decimated
everything early mid game and of course
ducks the absolute MVP of the run flying
me all over and cutting down bushes
thanks ducks couldn't have done it
without you and there is there's recap
man beat it 11 hours it's pretty good
old pretty good you still needed more
Pokemon try to catch other species I
didn't look what was my number I feel
like it was under 20 but there you go
guys Congrats thanks for watching and
men have recaps out
[Music]